<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Flexport</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.flexport.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.flexport.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders and Early Team</h6>

  <p>Flexport was founded in 2013 by Ryan Petersen, a former cargo forwarder, and a team of experienced logistics professionals. The company was built on the vision of using technology to make the global trade process more efficient and transparent.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth and Expansion</h6>

  <p>Flexport quickly gained traction in the market and has grown rapidly since its founding. The company's technology-driven approach to global trade has proven to be a valuable asset for its clients, allowing them to streamline their supply chain operations and increase efficiency. Flexport has since expanded its operations globally, with offices in the US, Europe, Asia, and South America.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Technology-Driven Logistics Services</h6>

  <p>Flexport offers a range of technology-driven logistics services, including supply chain management, customs brokerage, and freight forwarding. The company's platform integrates with a range of tools and services to provide its clients with real-time visibility into their supply chain operations.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Embracing the Power of Technology</h6>

  <p>lexport's success is largely driven by its willingness to embrace new technologies and apply them to the traditional logistics industry. By leveraging cutting-edge tools and software, the company has been able to differentiate itself from its competitors and offer a level of transparency and efficiency that was previously unattainable.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Flexport</h6>

  <p>Flexport has raised significant investment over the years, including a $1 billion funding round in 2019 that valued the company at $3.2 billion. The company has used this funding to expand its operations, build out its technology platform, and grow its team. Flexport's investors include major venture capital firms, such as Founders Fund and DST Global.</p>
</body>
</html>