<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Notion</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.notion.so/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.notion.so/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Notion of a Better Workplace</h6>

  <p>Notion Labs was founded in 2016 by Ivan Zhao, Simon Last, and Andrew Sinkov. The three entrepreneurs saw an opportunity to improve the productivity of businesses and individuals by creating a new type of productivity platform. With a focus on simplicity and a commitment to customer satisfaction, Notion has become a leading provider of workspace and productivity tools.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Idea to Industry Leader</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Notion has experienced rapid growth, attracting millions of users around the world. The company has received numerous awards and accolades for its innovative technology and commitment to customer service, including recognition as a Cool Vendor in Digital Workplace by Gartner. Notion has also been recognized for its impact on local communities, providing businesses and individuals with the tools they need to be more productive.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Teams with Workspace and Productivity Tools</h6>

  <p>Notion operates as a subscription-based service, offering a range of workspace and productivity tools to businesses and individuals. The company generates revenue through its premium subscriptions, which offer access to advanced features and integrations. Notion also offers a free version of its platform, providing basic workspace and productivity tools to users.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Improving Productivity with Innovative Workspace Tools</h6>

  <p>Notion's success can be attributed to its focus on improving productivity through the use of innovative workspace tools. The company's platform provides businesses and individuals with a unified workspace, allowing them to centralize their information and collaborate with their team. With a commitment to innovation and customer satisfaction, Notion is helping organizations around the world to streamline their operations and improve their bottom line.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Notion Labs</h6>

  <p>Notion has raised over $190 million in funding from top investors, including Andreessen Horowitz, Index Ventures, and Coatue. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand its product offerings, and grow its global presence. With a solid financial foundation and a commitment to innovation, Notion is well-positioned for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>