<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>DeepBlue Technology</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>China</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://en.deepblueai.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://en.deepblueai.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">DeepBlue Technology Founding Story</h6>

  <p>DeepBlue Technology was founded in 2014 by Haibo Chen, a former researcher in Microsoft Research Asia. He saw a growing demand for advanced AI technology in various industries and founded DeepBlue Technology to provide AI-powered solutions to business and government clients.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Start-Up to Global Leader</h6>

  <p>Over the past several years, DeepBlue Technology has experienced rapid growth and become one of the leading AI companies in China and globally. The company has made significant advancements in the fields of AI, big data, cloud computing and has developed several AI-powered products and services for various industries including finance, healthcare, transportation, and smart cities.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing AI Innovation</h6>

  <p>DeepBlue Technology's business model is based on providing AI-powered solutions to clients and monetizing its AI innovations through product sales, technology licensing and R&amp;D services. The company has partnerships with several large multinational corporations and has received significant investment from both domestic and international investors.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">AI-Powered Solutions for a Better Future</h6>

  <p>DeepBlue Technology's mission is to harness the power of AI technology to create a better future. The company is dedicated to developing AI-powered products and services that can solve real-world problems and improve the lives of people and organizations. DeepBlue Technology's products and services are designed to be user-friendly, reliable and accessible to a wide range of users and industries.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of DeepBlue Technology</h6>

  <p>DeepBlue Technology has attracted significant investment from top venture capital firms and investment funds. Their funding amount is around $95M. The company has raised several rounds of funding and has received investment from prominent investors such as IDG Capital, Hillhouse Capital, Northern Light Venture Capital, and others. This investment has allowed DeepBlue Technology to continue its rapid growth and expand its product offerings and services globally.</p>
</body>
</html>