<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Ualá</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Argentina</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.uala.com.ar/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.uala.com.ar/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders of Ualá</h6>

  <p>Pierpaolo Barbieri, founder and CEO of Ualá, believes financial inclusion is what can bring Latin America forward and Uala was founded in 2017. Barbieri was born and raised in Argentina but spent several years working in the finance industry in New York City. He noticed that many people in Argentina did not have access to traditional financial services and were excluded from the formal banking system.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A New Way to Bank</h6>

  <p>Uala is a mobile banking app that aims to simplify the traditional banking experience by providing a platform that allows users to open and manage their accounts, pay bills, send and receive money, and make investments, all through their smartphones. The app has been well received by customers in Argentina, and Uala has quickly grown to become one of the most popular mobile banking apps in the country.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Making Banking Accessible and Affordable</h6>

  <p>Uala operates on a freemium business model, offering a basic account for free and charging fees for additional services such as overdraft protection, investment products, and premium customer support. The company also generates revenue through partnerships with merchants and by offering lending services to its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Tackling Financial Inclusion</h6>

  <p>Uala was founded with the goal of making financial services more accessible and affordable for people in Argentina, particularly those who are underbanked or unbanked. The company is committed to using technology to bridge the gap between people and their finances, and to provide them with the tools they need to manage their money more effectively.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Uala</h6>

  <p>Uala has raised several rounds of funding, including a $10 million investment led by Ribbit Capital in 2019 and a $22 million investment from Ribbit Capital, Kaszek Ventures, and QED Investors in 2020. These investments have helped the company to continue its growth and to expand its services beyond Argentina.</p>
</body>
</html>