<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Klook</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Hong Kong</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.klook.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.klook.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founders with a passion for travel</h6>

  <p>Klook was founded in 2014 by Eric Gnock Fah and Ethan Lin. Both founders had a passion for travel and saw a gap in the market for a platform that made it easier for travelers to book experiences and activities in a convenient and cost-effective way. They came together to create Klook, with a mission to provide travelers with an easy and seamless experience in discovering, booking and experiencing the world.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid growth and international expansion</h6>

  <p>Klook has experienced rapid growth since its launch in 2014, quickly expanding its offerings to cover more than 200 destinations around the world. By 2019, Klook had raised over $300 million in funding and was valued at over $1 billion, making it one of the fastest-growing travel startups in the world. In 2020, Klook was ranked as one of the top-10 travel startups globally, and the company continues to grow at an impressive pace, expanding its offerings and reaching new markets.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">An online booking platform for travel experiences</h6>

  <p>Klook operates as an online booking platform that allows travelers to book experiences and activities in destinations around the world. The platform offers a wide range of activities, from city tours and theme park tickets to cooking classes and outdoor adventures. Klook works with local suppliers to provide travelers with unique and authentic experiences, and by leveraging technology, the company is able to offer these experiences at a lower cost than traditional tour operators.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Embracing technology to transform travel</h6>

  <p>Klook's success can be attributed to its innovative approach to travel, leveraging technology to make it easier and more cost-effective for travelers to book experiences and activities. The company has embraced a data-driven approach to its business, using customer feedback and insights to continually improve its offerings and services. By making travel more accessible and affordable, Klook is transforming the way people experience the world and helping to create a new era of travel.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Klook</h6>

  <p>Klook has attracted significant investment from top venture capital firms, including Sequoia Capital and Matrix Partners. The company has raised over $500 million in funding to date, with its most recent funding round taking place in 2020, when it raised $225 million at a $1 billion valuation. With this investment, Klook is well-positioned to continue its rapid growth and expand its offerings to new markets around the world.</p>
</body>
</html>