<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Klarna</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Sweden</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.klarna.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.klarna.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Minds Behind Klarna</h6>

  <p>Klarna was founded in 2005 by Sebastian Siemiatkowski, Niklas Adalberth, and Victor Jacobsson. The three founders had a vision to make online shopping easier and more accessible for consumers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming the Online Shopping Experience</h6>

  <p>Klarna started as a payment solution for online shoppers, offering a simple way to pay for purchases in installments. The company quickly gained popularity and expanded into other areas, such as providing credit to consumers and offering fraud protection services for merchants. Today, Klarna is one of the largest fintech companies in Europe, serving millions of consumers and thousands of merchants.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Merchant Fees and Consumer Credit</h6>

  <p>Klarna makes money by charging merchants a fee for using its platform, as well as by offering consumer credit to shoppers. The company provides a range of services to merchants, including payment processing, fraud protection, and credit solutions, among others.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Innovating in the Fintech Space</h6>

  <p>Klarna has transformed the online shopping experience by making it easier and more accessible for consumers. The company has attracted investment from leading venture capital firms and has a growing customer base, serving millions of consumers and thousands of merchants. Klarna is also a leader in the fintech space, constantly innovating and expanding its offerings to provide the best possible experience for its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Klarna</h6>

  <p>Klarna has received substantial investment from leading venture capital firms, including Sequoia Capital and Permira. The company has raised over $1 billion in funding, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $31 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>