<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>J&amp;T Express</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Indonesia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://jet.co.id/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://jet.co.id/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Pioneers Behind J&amp;T Expres</h6>

  <p>J&amp;T Express was founded in 2015 by Jet Lee and Tony Chen. The founders saw an opportunity to revolutionize the e-commerce delivery industry in Indonesia, and since its inception, J&amp;T Express has become one of the fastest-growing logistics companies in the country.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth and Expansion in Southeast Asia</h6>

  <p>J&amp;T Express has experienced rapid growth, expanding its operations to several Southeast Asian countries, including Thailand, Vietnam, and the Philippines. The company offers a wide range of delivery services, including next-day delivery, same-day delivery, and international delivery. J&amp;T Express has been successful in providing reliable and efficient delivery services to customers, making it a popular choice for e-commerce businesses and individual customers alike.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Delivery Services and Logistics Solutions</h6>

  <p>J&amp;T Express generates revenue through its delivery services, charging customers for shipping and handling fees. The company also offers logistics solutions to businesses, including warehousing, order fulfillment, and shipping management. J&amp;T Express has a strong focus on delivering quality service, constantly upgrading its technology and expanding its network to provide the best delivery experience for its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Disrupting the Delivery Industry with Innovative Solutions</h6>

  <p>J&amp;T Express has disrupted the delivery industry in Southeast Asia with its innovative solutions, providing customers with fast and reliable delivery services. The company has a strong focus on customer service, providing real-time tracking and delivery updates to ensure that customers are informed every step of the way.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of J&amp;T Express</h6>

  <p>J&amp;T Express has received investment from top venture capital firms, including Sea Group and Sequoia Capital. They may raised around $4.7. The company has raised an undisclosed amount of funding to support its growth and expansion in Southeast Asia.</p>
</body>
</html>