<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>MoMo</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Vietnam</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://momo.vn/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://momo.vn/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Entrepreneurs in Vietnam</h6>

  <p>MoMo was founded in 2007 by Lei Xiaoliang, Sic Zhang and Tang Yan. The three entrepreneurs had a vision of improving financial services in Vietnam and set out to create a platform that would provide users with access to a variety of financial services through one simple mobile app.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Leading Digital Wallet in Vietnam</h6>

  <p>MoMo has grown rapidly since its founding and has become one of the leading digital wallets in Vietnam. The platform now offers a range of services including money transfers, bill payments, and mobile top-ups. It has become a popular choice for consumers and merchants alike, and has helped to improve financial inclusion in the country.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Commission-Based Revenue Model</h6>

  <p>MoMo operates on a commission-based revenue model, earning money from transactions and services conducted through the platform. This includes transactions made by consumers and merchants, as well as fees for certain services such as bill payments and mobile top-ups.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Innovative Solutions to Financial Challenges</h6>

  <p>MoMo has been able to achieve success by offering innovative solutions to the financial challenges faced by Vietnamese consumers and businesses. The platform has made it easier for people to access a range of financial services and has helped to improve financial inclusion in the country.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of MoMo</h6>

  <p>MoMo has received significant investment from foreign investors and its amount is $433.8M, including Standard Chartered and Dragon Capital. This funding has been used to support the company's growth and to develop new and innovative financial services for its users.</p>
</body>
</html>