<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Sendbird</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>South Korea &amp; United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://sendbird.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://sendbird.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Thirsty for success solves customer problems with a chatbot</h6>

  <p>John Kim and Harry Kim met while working at a South Korean social network called Cyworld. They noticed that there was a growing demand for real-time communication within apps, and they saw an opportunity to create a solution that would enable companies to integrate messaging into their products. They founded Sendbird in 2013 and initially focused on providing a messaging SDK for mobile apps.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Chatbots prevent customer churn</h6>

  <p>Since its founding, Sendbird has grown rapidly and has expanded its offerings beyond its original messaging SDK. The company now provides a range of products and services that enable businesses to communicate with their customers in real-time. In 2019, Sendbird launched Sendbird Calls, a voice and video chat API that enables businesses to add high-quality audio and video calling to their products. The company also introduced Sendbird Desk, a customer support tool that allows businesses to manage customer inquiries through messaging.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Reddit becomes a godsend</h6>

  <p>Sendbird's first customer was Reddit, one of the global communities. In order to gain this customer, Sendbird's early members almost lived at Reddit's headquarters and listened to security guards' complaints. However, as this deal was concluded, Sendbird attracted many inbound inquiries and laid the foundation for growth.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Expansion of customer communication experience started with chatbot</h6>

  <p>Sendbird's business model is based on providing a messaging and chat platform that enables businesses to integrate real-time communication into their products. The company offers a variety of features, including messaging, voice and video chat, push notifications, and analytics. Sendbird charges its customers based on the number of active users on their platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Sendbird</h6>

  <p>Sendbird has raised a total of $120 million in funding across five rounds. The company's latest funding round, which was announced in June 2021, raised $100 million in Series D funding. The round was led by Steadfast Financial, with participation from Emergence Capital, Iconiq Growth, and Tiger Global Management. Other investors in Sendbird include Shasta Ventures, August Capital, and Y Combinator. With this funding, Sendbird plans to continue expanding its products and services and to further expand its global presence.</p>
</body>
</html>