<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Ola Cabs</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>India</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.olacabs.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.olacabs.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Two Guys, One Dream, A Million Rides</h6>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <p>Bhavish Aggarwal and Ankit Bhati are the co-founders of Ola Cabs, India's largest ride-hailing service. The two friends, both computer engineers, started Ola in Mumbai in 2011 as a response to a difficult personal experience trying to find a taxi.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Mumbai to the World</h6>

  <p>Ola has come a long way since its founding in 2010. Starting in Mumbai, the company quickly expanded to other cities in India, and then to other countries, including Australia, New Zealand, and the UK. Ola now operates in over 250 cities in India and 10 countries around the world. With over 2 million drivers, Ola is one of India's most valuable startups, valued at over $6 billion.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rides for Everyone</h6>

  <p>Ola's business model is based on offering convenient, affordable rides to people everywhere. Users can book a ride through the Ola app, which then matches them with a nearby driver. Ola makes money by taking a commission on each ride booked through its platform. In addition to its ride-hailing service, Ola also offers a range of other transportation options, including bikes, auto-rickshaws, and rental cars.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing Transportation in India</h6>

  <p>Ola is changing the way people get around in India and other countries. With its easy-to-use app, extensive network of drivers, and wide range of transportation options, Ola is making it easier and more convenient than ever to get where you need to go. The company is also helping to create new economic opportunities for drivers and other small business owners, providing them with a flexible source of income.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Ola Cabs</h6>

  <p>Over the years, Ola has raised millions of dollars in funding from a variety of investors, including SoftBank, Sequoia Capital, and Accel Partners. The funds raised have helped Ola to expand its operations, develop new services, and stay ahead of its competitors. In November 2014, Ola raised $210 million in its latest funding round, valuing the company at over $5 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>