<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Kurly</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>South Korea</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.kurly.com/main</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.kurly.com/main" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Consultant who loves Fresh Food in Korea</h6>

  <p>Kurly was founded by CEO, Seul Ah Kim in 2016. While working for a famous consulting company, she was always interested in fresh and healthy food and ingredients, so she quit her job and started a business.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The First, Fresh Food Delivery Startup in Korea</h6>

  <p>Kurly is a South Korean online fresh food delivery service that connects customers with local farmers and food suppliers. The company quickly gained popularity due to its focus on quality and sustainability, as well as its user-friendly interface and convenient delivery options. As of 2021, Kurly had over 4 million registered users and was valued at over 1 billion dollars.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Delivery fees and a markup on the products it sells.</h6>

  <p>Kurly's business model is based on delivering fresh, high-quality food directly from local farmers and food suppliers to customers. The company has a network of over 2,000 suppliers and operates its own fulfillment and delivery infrastructure. Kurly makes money through delivery fees and a markup on the products it sells.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Making all Korean distributors start early morning delivery</h6>

  <p>Kurly's success can be attributed to its focus on quality, sustainability, and convenience. The company's use of technology and its partnerships with local farmers and food suppliers have allowed it to offer a unique and highly valued service to customers. Kurly's success has inspired similar startups in other countries and has helped to grow the online food delivery market in South Korea.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Kurly</h6>

  <p>Kurly has raised over $100 million in funding from investors such as SoftBank Ventures Asia, Hillhouse Capital, and Shingyo Venture Partners. The company has used its funding to expand its operations, improve its technology, and invest in new partnerships and initiatives.</p>
</body>
</html>