<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Aiven</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Finland</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://aiven.io/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://aiven.io/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Early beginnings</h6>

  <p>Aiven was founded in 2016 by Hannu Valtonen, Heikki Nousiainen, Mika Eloranta and Oskari Saarenmaa in Helsinki, Finland. The founders all had experience working with open-source data technologies and noticed that many companies were struggling to manage and operate these technologies on their own. They believed that there was an opportunity to provide a fully-managed service that would allow companies to focus on their core business rather than the underlying technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Achieving success through managed cloud services</h6>

  <p>Aiven provides a managed cloud service for popular open source data technologies such as Apache Kafka, PostgreSQL, and Elasticsearch. By offering these services, Aiven has been able to establish itself as a leader in the managed open source data services industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A focus on managed open source data services</h6>

  <p>Aiven's business model focuses on providing managed cloud services for popular open source data technologies. This allows customers to focus on their core business while Aiven handles the technical details and maintenance of their data infrastructure.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A passion for open source data technologies</h6>

  <p>Aiven's founders have a strong passion for open source data technologies, and they have built the company around this passion. By offering managed cloud services for these technologies, Aiven is helping to make open source data solutions more accessible and easier to use for businesses of all sizes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Aiven</h6>

  <p>Aiven has received several rounds of investment funding, which has helped the company to grow and expand its offerings. As of 2021, Aiven has received over $50 million in investment funding.</p>
</body>
</html>