<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Canva</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Australia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.canva.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.canva.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Visionary Behind Canva</h6>

  <p>Canva was founded in 2012 by Melanie Perkins, Cliff Obrecht, and Cameron Adams. The three founders had a vision to make graphic design accessible to everyone, regardless of design experience.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering the Masses with Design</h6>

  <p>Canva started as a simple online design tool, offering a drag-and-drop interface and a vast library of templates, images, and graphics. The company quickly gained popularity and has since grown into a leading design platform, serving millions of users worldwide. Canva has been recognized for its user-friendly interface and democratization of design.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Premium Features and Subscriptions</h6>

  <p>Canva makes money by offering premium features and subscriptions to its users. The company offers a range of services, including advanced design tools, collaboration features, and access to its premium library of templates, images, and graphics.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Design Industry</h6>

  <p>Canva has revolutionized the design industry by making graphic design accessible to everyone. The company has attracted investment from top venture capital firms and has a growing user base, serving millions of individuals and businesses worldwide. Canva is also constantly innovating and expanding its offerings, providing a comprehensive design platform for its users.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Canva</h6>

  <p>Canva has received substantial investment from top venture capital firms, including Bond Capital and Blackbird Ventures. The company has raised over $317 million in funding, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $15 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>