<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>QuintoAndar</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Brazil</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.quintoandar.com.br/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.quintoandar.com.br/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Duo Behind QuintoAndar</h6>

  <p>Gabriel Braga and André Penha are two of the founders of the Brazilian startup QuintoAndar. QuintoAndar is a rental platform that makes renting a property easier and faster. The two founded the company in 2012, with a vision to make renting a property as easy and user-friendly as possible. Braga and Penha have a wealth of experience in tech startups and real estate. Braga is a serial entrepreneur, having founded multiple tech startups, while Penha has a background in real estate and a deep understanding of the sector. The two have been able to combine their respective experiences to create a successful startup that has revolutionized the Brazilian rental market.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Brazilian Rental Market</h6>

  <p>QuintoAndar is a Brazilian rental platform that has revolutionized the rental market in Brazil. The company was founded in 2013 by Gabriel Braga and André Penha, with a vision to make renting a property as easy and user-friendly as possible. The company has since grown to become one of the most popular rental platforms in Brazil, with over 1.5 million users. QuintoAndar has managed to make renting a property easier and faster, with their user-friendly platform and streamlined processes. The company has also been able to reduce costs for tenants, landlords and brokers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">QuintoAndar's Innovative Business Model</h6>

  <p>QuintoAndar has a unique business model that allows them to offer their services at a lower cost. The company offers their services to tenants, landlords and brokers, and charges a flat fee for each transaction. They also offer a number of additional services, such as property management, which they charge a small fee for. QuintoAndar also has a referral program, which allows them to generate more revenue. The company also offers their services to real estate agencies, which allows them to generate additional revenue.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Power of Technology: QuintoAndar's Insight</h6>

  <p>QuintoAndar has been able to revolutionize the rental market in Brazil by leveraging the power of technology. The company has developed a user-friendly platform that makes renting a property easier and faster. The platform has streamlined the rental process, allowing for faster and more efficient transactions. QuintoAndar has also implemented a number of additional services, such as property management, which makes the rental process even easier. The company has also implemented a referral program, which allows them to generate more revenue.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of QuintoAndar</h6>

  <p>QuintoAndar has been able to grow rapidly and become one of the most successful startups in Brazil. The company has received funding from a number of investors, including SoftBank, Sequoia Capital, Kaszek Ventures and Monashees. QuintoAndar has raised a total of $240 million in funding, and is currently valued at $1.2 billion. The company is well-positioned to continue to grow and become even more successful in the future.</p>
</body>
</html>