<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Rappi</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Colombia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://about.rappi.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://about.rappi.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Pioneers of Rappi</h6>

  <p>Rappi was founded in 2015 by three college friends from Colombia – Sebastian Mejia, Simón Borrero and Felipe Villamarin. After realizing the potential of on-demand delivery, the trio decided to create an app that could deliver anything, anytime and anywhere in Latin America. By using a combination of technology and logistics, the founders were able to create a service that revolutionized the way people shop, order food and receive goods in their homes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From a College Idea to a Billion Dollar Business</h6>

  <p>Since its launch in 2015, Rappi has become one of the most successful startups in Latin America. In 2017, the company received $50 million in Series B funding, and then in 2018, it secured a staggering $200 million in Series C funding. As of 2020, Rappi is now valued at over $3 billion, making it the most valuable startup in Latin America. The success of Rappi can be attributed to its innovative business model, which combines technology and logistics to provide a convenient and efficient shopping and delivery experience.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">An Innovative On-Demand Delivery Business Model</h6>

  <p>Rappi’s business model is based on providing on-demand delivery services to its customers. Through the Rappi app, users can order items from local stores, restaurants and supermarkets and have them delivered to their home or office. Rappi also allows users to pay for their orders online and track their shipments in real-time. The company has also expanded its services to include the delivery of medicines, groceries, and even home-cooked meals.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Leveraging Big Data and Artificial Intelligence to Improve Delivery Services</h6>

  <p>Rappi’s success is largely due to its use of big data and artificial intelligence. The company has developed a sophisticated algorithm that can analyze data in order to make predictions about customer behavior. This allows the company to better understand customer preferences and tailor its services to meet the specific needs of each customer. Rappi also uses real-time data to optimize its logistics and delivery routes, resulting in faster and more efficient deliveries.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Rappi</h6>

  <p>Rappi has raised a total of $1.2 billion in venture capital funding. The company’s first round of funding came in 2015, when it secured $15 million in Series A funding. Since then, Rappi has secured multiple rounds of funding, including a $50 million Series B investment in 2017 and a $200 million Series C funding round in 2018. The money has been used to expand the company’s operations across Latin America and to develop new technologies to improve the customer experience.</p>
</body>
</html>