<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>1Password</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Canada</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://1password.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://1password.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Your Digital Vault to Keep Passwords Safe</h6>

  <p>1Password was founded in 2005 by Dave Teare, a software developer, and Roustem Karimov, a user experience designer. They identified a need for a secure password management tool that would simplify the process of creating and managing complex passwords. They began developing 1Password as a side project while working at AgileBits and officially launched the tool in 2006.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Become a leading password management tool</h6>

  <p>1Password has grown to become a leading password management tool that helps users securely store and manage their passwords, payment information, and other sensitive data. The company has a strong focus on security and privacy, making it a trusted choice for millions of users worldwide.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Business model: Simply Selling Management Software</h6>

  <p>1Password's business model revolves around selling its password management software to individuals and businesses. The company offers both personal and enterprise-level plans with different features and pricing options.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Focus on security and ease of use.</h6>

  <p>1Password's success is largely due to its focus on security and ease of use. The company has made it easy for users to manage their passwords and other sensitive data, while also providing robust security features to protect against cyber threats.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of 1Password</h6>

  <p>1Password has raised over $200 million in funding from investors such as Accel, Bessemer Venture Partners, and Insight Partners. The company has used this funding to scale its operations, expand its product offerings, and increase its customer base.</p>
</body>
</html>