<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>BitPanda</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Austria</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.bitpanda.com/en</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.bitpanda.com/en" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Austrian Fintech Disrupting the Crypto World</h6>

  <p>BitPanda was founded in 2014 by Eric Demuth, Paul Klanschek, and Christian Trummer. With extensive experience in finance, technology and entrepreneurship, the co-founders aimed to simplify the process of buying and selling cryptocurrencies for individuals and businesses.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">$2 billion in transactions</h6>

  <p>BitPanda has come a long way from its humble beginnings as a startup. Today, it is one of the leading fintech companies in Austria, serving over a million customers in Europe. The company has established itself as a trusted platform for buying, selling and storing cryptocurrencies and has also expanded its services to include precious metals and more recently, stocks.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Provides storage solutions for users to securely store their assets</h6>

  <p>BitPanda operates on a brokerage model, where they buy and sell cryptocurrencies on behalf of their clients. The company generates revenue through a transaction fee, which is a small percentage of the value of the transaction. In addition, they offer premium services such as the BitPanda Pro trading platform and a Metal program for purchasing precious metals.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Digital assets accessible and secure for everyone.</h6>

  <p>BitPanda has been successful in capturing the growing demand for cryptocurrency services, particularly in Europe. The company's user-friendly platform, fast and secure transactions, and commitment to customer support have helped it stand out in a crowded market.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of BitPanda</h6>

  <p>BitPanda has raised a total of $52 million in funding from various investors, including Valar Ventures, Earlybird Venture Capital and Speedinvest. The funding has been used to support the company's growth and expansion plans, including the addition of new products and services.</p>
</body>
</html>