<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Razorpay</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>India</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://razorpay.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://razorpay.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Cutting the Red Tape of Payments</h6>

  <p>The story of Razorpay begins with two young entrepreneurs from India, Harshil Mathur and Shashank Kumar. The two co-founders met at the National Institute of Technology (NIT) in India and started working on their fintech startup idea in 2013.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Garage to Unicorns</h6>

  <p>Razorpay started off as a simple payment gateway for online businesses in India, but quickly expanded its services to offer a wide range of financial products for businesses and individuals. With its intuitive user interface, strong security measures and commitment to customer service, the company has become one of the most successful fintech startups in India, with a valuation of over $3 billion as of 2021.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Simplifying Finance, One Payment at a Time</h6>

  <p>Razorpay's business model revolves around offering a unified payments solution that helps businesses and individuals manage their financial transactions. The company offers a range of services, including payment gateway, digital wallets, recurring payments and loans, all through a single platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering India's Digital Revolution</h6>

  <p>Razorpay's success is largely due to its ability to tap into the rapidly growing digital economy in India. With more and more businesses and individuals coming online, there is a huge demand for reliable and accessible financial services. Razorpay has seized this opportunity by offering a range of innovative financial products that meet the needs of this growing market.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Razorpay</h6>

  <p>Since its inception, Razorpay has raised over $200 million in funding from a range of investors, including Ribbit Capital, Sequoia India and Tiger Global. The company has used this funding to expand its product offerings, build out its technology platform and scale its operations to meet the growing demand for its services.</p>
</body>
</html>