<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Bytedance</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>China</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.bytedance.com/en/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.bytedance.com/en/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Brain Behind Bytedance</h6>

  <p>Bytedance was founded in 2012 by Yiming Zhang, a tech entrepreneur based in China. Yiming had previously worked at several tech startups, and he saw an opportunity to create a new type of content platform using artificial intelligence algorithms.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From News Aggregator to Global Sensation</h6>

  <p>Bytedance started as a news aggregator app called Toutiao, which used AI algorithms to curate personalized news feeds for users. The app quickly gained popularity in China, and Bytedance expanded into other areas, such as short-form video and live broadcasting. TikTok, the company's flagship app, was launched in 2016 and quickly became a global phenomenon, with millions of users creating and sharing short-form videos.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Advertising and E-Commerce</h6>

  <p>Bytedance generates revenue primarily through advertising and e-commerce on its platforms. The company's various apps and services have a large user base, which provides a valuable platform for marketers to reach consumers. Additionally, Bytedance has a growing e-commerce business, with its apps and services offering a range of products and services for sale.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Innovating with AI and Short-Form Video</h6>

  <p>Bytedance has disrupted the technology and media industries with its innovative use of AI algorithms and its popularization of short-form video through TikTok. The company has also expanded globally, offering its apps and services in many countries around the world, and it has a growing e-commerce business, providing additional revenue streams.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Bytedance</h6>

  <p>Bytedance has received substantial investment from venture capital firms and private equity firms, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $140 billion. In 2019, the company raised $3 billion in a funding round, which was one of the largest ever for a private tech company at the time.</p>
</body>
</html>