<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Bitso</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Mexico</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://bitso.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://bitso.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders with Passion for Cryptocurrency</h6>

  <p>Bitso was founded in 2014 by Pablo Gonzalez and Daniel Vogel. The co-founders saw an opportunity to bring cryptocurrencies to Latin America and provide access to financial services for the unbanked population. Both founders have extensive experience in finance, technology and entrepreneurship.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Growth from Mexico to the Region's Leading Crypto Exchange</h6>

  <p>Bitso has seen tremendous growth since its launch in 2014, starting as Mexico's first cryptocurrency exchange and quickly expanding to serve other countries in Latin America. The company has grown to become the region's leading crypto exchange, with a strong focus on user experience, security and compliance. In 2020, Bitso announced that it had reached one million registered users.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Fostering the Adoption of Cryptocurrencies in Latin America</h6>

  <p>Bitso's business model is focused on fostering the adoption of cryptocurrencies in Latin America by providing a platform for buying, selling and using digital assets. The company offers a range of services, including a cryptocurrency exchange, remittances, and a cryptocurrency wallet. Bitso also partners with businesses and financial institutions to help them integrate cryptocurrencies into their operations.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Addressing the Needs of the Latin American Market</h6>

  <p>Bitso's success can be attributed to its focus on addressing the specific needs of the Latin American market. The region has a large unbanked population, and Bitso has provided them with access to financial services through cryptocurrencies. The company has also focused on improving the user experience, security and compliance to make it easier for people to use and trust cryptocurrencies.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Bitso</h6>

  <p>Bitso has attracted significant investment from major investors, including Kaszek Ventures, Ribbit Capital, QED Investors, and Valar Ventures. In 2020, the company raised $62 million in a Series C funding round, the largest ever raised by a Latin American fintech company. This funding has helped the company to expand its services and continue to drive growth in the region.</p>
</body>
</html>