<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Acronis</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Switzerland</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.acronis.com/en-us/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.acronis.com/en-us/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Early Days</h6>

  <p>Acronis was founded in 2003 by Serguei Beloussov and other investors. Beloussov was a successful entrepreneur in the software industry, and he saw the need for a data backup and protection solution that was both easy to use and comprehensive.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth</h6>

  <p>Acronis quickly gained traction in the market, offering a range of solutions for data backup, disaster recovery, and cyber protection. The company has expanded its offerings over the years and now serves customers in over 150 countries. Acronis is considered one of the largest data protection companies in the world and has received numerous awards for its products and services.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Software and Services</h6>

  <p>Acronis provides a range of software and services for data backup, disaster recovery, and cyber protection. The company sells its products through a network of partners and also directly to customers. Acronis offers both on-premise and cloud-based solutions, and the company's products are designed to be easy to use while also providing comprehensive data protection.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Emphasizing Data Protection</h6>

  <p>Acronis is committed to providing its customers with the most advanced data protection solutions available. The company invests heavily in research and development, and its products are designed to be as secure and reliable as possible. Acronis also emphasizes the importance of data privacy, and the company is dedicated to ensuring that its customers' data is protected at all times.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Acronis</h6>

  <p>Acronis has received significant funding from investors over the years. The company has raised over $300 million in funding, including a recent investment from Goldman Sachs. This strong financial backing has allowed Acronis to expand its offerings and further its mission of providing the best data protection solutions available.</p>
</body>
</html>