<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>NotCo</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Chile</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.notco.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.notco.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founders of NotCo</h6>

  <p>NotCo was founded in 2015 by Matías Muchnick, Karim Pichara, and Pablo Zamora in Santiago, Chile. Muchnick, a computer science engineer and former CTO of e-commerce company Dafiti, Pichara, a biochemist and Zamora, a computational biologist, came together to form a company focused on creating plant-based food products.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth</h6>

  <p>NotCo is a Chilean plant-based food company that uses artificial intelligence to develop new plant-based products. The company was founded in 2015 and has quickly grown to become one of the leading plant-based food companies in Latin America. NotCo's products are sold in countries across the region and have received recognition for their taste and quality. The company has also attracted significant investment, helping it to scale its operations and expand into new markets.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Plant-based Food Solutions</h6>

  <p>NotCo's business model is centered around the use of artificial intelligence to develop new plant-based food products. The company's proprietary AI technology, "Giuseppe," uses machine learning algorithms to analyze the molecular structure of traditional animal-based foods and find plant-based alternatives that have a similar taste and texture. This allows NotCo to quickly create new plant-based products that are similar to traditional animal-based foods but are made entirely from plants.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">AI-driven Innovation</h6>

  <p>NotCo's mission is to create delicious and sustainable food that is better for people and the planet. The company aims to lead the shift towards a more plant-based diet by offering high-quality food products that are not only healthy but also delicious. By using artificial intelligence to create these products, NotCo is able to quickly bring new plant-based options to market, helping to drive the growth of the plant-based food industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of NotCo</h6>

  <p>NotCo has attracted significant investment from a variety of sources, including venture capital firms and strategic investors. In 2020, the company raised $85 million in a funding round led by Kaszek Ventures, with participation from Sofina, LionTree, and others. This funding has helped NotCo to expand into new markets and continue to develop its cutting-edge AI technology.</p>

  <p>&#160;</p>
</body>
</html>