<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Clip</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Mexico</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.clip.mx/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.clip.mx/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Founding Team</h6>

  <p>Clip was founded in 2012 by mexican entrepreneurs Adolfo Babatz and Vilash Poovala. The company was founded with the goal of making financial services more accessible to the unbanked population of Mexico.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Startup to Unicorn</h6>

  <p>Since its founding in 2018, Clip has experienced tremendous growth, becoming one of the fastest-growing fintech companies in Mexico. In 2020, the company achieved unicorn status after raising $450 million in a funding round led by Ribbit Capital. Today, Clip is one of the leading mobile wallets in Mexico, with millions of users and partnerships with major retailers across the country.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Making Finance Accessible</h6>

  <p>Clip's business model is focused on making financial services more accessible to the unbanked population of Mexico. The company offers a mobile wallet that allows users to store money, make purchases, pay bills, and send money to friends and family. Additionally, Clip provides loans and other financial services to users who might not have access to traditional banking products.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Solving a Major Pain Point</h6>

  <p>One of the key insights behind Clip's success is the recognition of a major pain point in the Mexican market: the lack of access to financial services for a large portion of the population. By addressing this issue, Clip has been able to grow rapidly and gain a large and loyal user base.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Clip</h6>

  <p>Since its founding, Clip has attracted significant investment from top investors, including Ribbit Capital, Kaszek Ventures, and QED Investors. The company's latest funding round, which was led by Ribbit Capital, saw it raise $450 million and reach unicorn status. With this funding, Clip is well-positioned to continue its rapid growth and expansion in Mexico and beyond.</p>
</body>
</html>