<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Infobip</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Croatia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.infobip.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.infobip.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founders with a Vision</h6>

  <p>Infobip was founded in 2006 by three friends, Silvio Kutic, Izabel Jelenic and Robert Kutic, with a vision to revolutionize the telecommunications industry by providing innovative communication solutions.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From a small startup to a Global Leader</h6>

  <p>Infobip started as a small startup providing messaging services for businesses in Croatia. With a focus on innovation and customer satisfaction, the company quickly grew and expanded globally. Today, Infobip is a leading global communication platform that serves over 190 countries and is used by some of the world's largest brands.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Enabling Communication for Businesses</h6>

  <p>Infobip provides a comprehensive communication platform that enables businesses to communicate with their customers through multiple channels such as SMS, voice, chat, and social media. The company's offerings include messaging solutions, cloud communications, omnichannel engagement, and API solutions.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Customer Communication</h6>

  <p>Infobip's mission is to empower businesses with innovative communication solutions that help them connect with their customers in a meaningful way. The company's platform is designed to help businesses reach their customers in real-time, through the channel that works best for them.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Infobip</h6>

  <p>Infobip has received several rounds of funding from private equity firms and venture capital companies and its amount is about $800M. The company has used the investment to expand its operations globally, acquire other companies and invest in research and development. Today, Infobip is a well-established player in the global communication industry and is continuously growing and expanding.</p>
</body>
</html>