<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Mollie</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Netherlands</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.mollie.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.mollie.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Accept online payments today</h6>

  <p>Mollie was founded in 2004 by Adriaan Mol. He probably didn't realize ‘Think Different’ when he was a teenager, but he would change the world of payments. By thinking differently, by using a new angle, he started looking for a way to do things differently.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Help businesses to receive and make payments online</h6>

  <p>Mollie is a Dutch payment service provider that helps businesses to receive and make payments online. The company has grown rapidly since its establishment and has become one of the largest payment service providers in the Netherlands. Mollie serves more than 60,000 businesses in Europe and has processed over 100 million payments.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Small transaction fee becomes huge</h6>

  <p>Mollie offers a range of payment solutions, including online payment processing, recurring payments, and invoicing. The company makes money by charging a small transaction fee for each payment processed through its platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Focus on user-friendly solution</h6>

  <p>Mollie's success lies in its focus on user-friendly and affordable payment solutions. The company has invested heavily in developing its technology to provide businesses with a seamless and efficient payment experience. Mollie has also established partnerships with several leading companies in the payments industry to expand its offerings and reach.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Mollie</h6>

  <p>To date, Mollie has received a total of €13 million in funding from investors including ING, Fortino Capital, and Peak Capital.</p>
</body>
</html>