<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Miro</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://miro.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://miro.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Vision for Digital Collaboration</h6>

  <p>Miro was founded in 2011 by Andrey Khusid and Oleg Schmidt. The two entrepreneurs had a vision for a digital collaboration platform that would revolutionize the way teams work together. With backgrounds in software development and design, they set out to create a platform that would improve the efficiency and creativity of remote and cross-functional teams.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Journey from Startup to Leading Visual Collaboration Platform</h6>

  <p>Miro has experienced significant growth since its founding, and has become a leading visual collaboration platform for remote and cross-functional teams. The company has received recognition for its innovative approach to digital collaboration, and has formed partnerships with major organizations in a range of industries, including technology, finance, and marketing.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Subscription-Based Software as a Service</h6>

  <p>Miro operates as a subscription-based Software as a Service (SaaS) platform. The company offers various pricing plans, including free and paid options, to meet the needs of different types of organizations and teams. By offering a range of pricing options and continuously improving its platform, Miro has been able to attract a large and growing customer base.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Improving Team Collaboration with an Intuitive and User-Friendly</h6>

  <p>Miro is dedicated to improving team collaboration through the use of intuitive and user-friendly technology. The platform is designed to be accessible and easy to use for teams of all sizes and skill levels, allowing for seamless collaboration and communication. Miro's focus on user experience and continuous innovation has made it a leader in the digital collaboration space.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Miro</h6>

  <p>Miro has received investment from major venture capital firms, including Accel and bench. The company has raised over $50 million in funding to support its growth and expansion. With the support of its investors, Miro continues to innovate and improve its platform, positioning itself as a leader in the digital collaboration space.</p>
</body>
</html>