<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Zapier</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://zapier.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://zapier.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Connectors</h6>

  <p>Bryan Helmig, Wade Foster, and Mike Knoop founded Zapier in 2011. The three founders met in Columbia, Missouri, while working on a web development project for a local nonprofit organization. They realized that many of their clients were struggling with the same problem, getting different web applications to work together. They also recognized that building custom integrations for each client was time-consuming and expensive.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Effortless Automation</h6>

  <p>Zapier started as a side project while the founders were working full-time jobs, but quickly grew into a successful company that has helped millions of users automate their work processes. The company has raised over $140 million in funding and has been profitable since 2016.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Making Work Life Easier</h6>

  <p>Zapier provides an automation platform that connects different web applications, allowing users to automate repetitive tasks. The company makes money by charging for access to premium features, such as increased task limits and expanded integrations.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Frustration to Innovation</h6>

  <p>The founders of Zapier were inspired to create the company because they were frustrated with the repetitive, time-consuming tasks that came with their own jobs. They saw an opportunity to simplify work processes for millions of people and make their lives easier.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Zapier</h6>

  <p>Zapier has raised over $140 million in funding from investors such as Y Combinator, Freestyle Capital, and Slow Ventures. The company has used the funding to expand its team and continue developing its platform.</p>
</body>
</html>