<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Horizon Robotics</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>China</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.horizon.ai/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.horizon.ai/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From AI Research to Business</h6>

  <p>Horizon Robotics was founded in 2015 by Yu Kai, one of the pioneers of the AI field in China, and a group of experts from institutes such as Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Tsinghua University.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Building the Future of AI for All</h6>

  <p>Horizon Robotics has become one of the leading AI chip companies in China, delivering advanced AI solutions for various industries such as autonomous vehicles, smart homes, and security. The company has made several strategic partnerships with multinational corporations such as Intel, Bosch, and Alibaba.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">AI-Powered Solutions for the Masses</h6>

  <p>Horizon Robotics provides customized AI solutions and chips for clients, offering a range of products including AI processors, software platforms, and complete solutions. The company's main revenue stream comes from its product sales and licensing fees.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Unleashing the Power of AI Everywhere</h6>

  <p>Horizon Robotics' mission is to democratize AI and make it accessible to a wider audience by providing cost-effective and user-friendly solutions. The company's focus on innovation and partnerships has helped it to stay ahead of the curve in the fast-growing AI industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Horizon Robotics</h6>

  <p>Horizon Robotics has received substantial funding from a number of investors and its total funding amount is $2.2B, including IDG Capital, Hillhouse Capital, and Morningside Venture Capital. The company's successful fundraising rounds have allowed it to further expand its operations and continue to innovate in the AI space.</p>
</body>
</html>