<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Opay</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Nigeria</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.opayweb.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.opayweb.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders with Rich Backgrounds</h6>

  <p>Opay was founded in 2018 by Yahui Zhou, who previously co-founded Interswitch Group and served as the CEO of Opera Software. Other co-founders include Dmitry Shkolnik, who served as the CEO of AIG Russia and Central Asia, and Chamath Palihapitiya, a venture capitalist and the former Vice President of User Growth at Facebook.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Fast-growing Nigerian Fintech</h6>

  <p>Opay quickly established itself as a major player in the Nigerian fintech scene, offering a variety of services including mobile payments, food delivery, transportation, and more. In just two years, the company has raised over $1.5 billion in funding and claims to have millions of users in Nigeria.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">One-Stop Shop for Daily Needs</h6>

  <p>Opay's business model is centered around providing a convenient one-stop shop for users to access various daily needs such as payments, food delivery, transportation, and other services. The company makes money by taking a percentage of transactions made through its platform, as well as through advertising and other revenue streams.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Capitalizing on Unbanked Population</h6>

  <p>Opay aims to provide financial services to Nigeria's largely unbanked population through its mobile platform. By offering a wide range of services, Opay is looking to increase financial inclusion in Nigeria and tap into the massive potential of the country's growing middle class.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Opay</h6>

  <p>Opay has raised over $1.5 billion in funding to date, with investors including IDG Capital, Sequoia Capital China, Meituan-Dianping, and the Norwegian telecom operator Telenor Group. These investments have helped the company rapidly scale its operations and expand its services in Nigeria and beyond.</p>
</body>
</html>