<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>GoStudent</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Austria</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.gostudent.org/en</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.gostudent.org/en" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders who want to disrupt education industry</h6>

  <p>GoStudent was founded in 2017 by Felix Ohswald, Ferdinand von Hagen and Gregor Muller. The founders had a shared vision of revolutionizing the education sector by leveraging technology to match students with the right tutors.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Innovative Platform for Private Tutoring</h6>

  <p>GoStudent is an online platform that connects students with certified private tutors. The company was founded in 2018 with the aim of providing accessible and affordable private tutoring services to students. The platform has grown rapidly and now serves students in Germany and Austria, with plans to expand further in Europe.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Commission-based Tutor Referral</h6>

  <p>GoStudent operates on a commission-based model, where the company earns a fee for every successful tutor-student match made through the platform. The platform also offers various tools and resources for tutors, including a scheduling system and payment management.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Meeting the Demand for Online Tutoring</h6>

  <p>The rise of online learning and the increasing demand for flexible tutoring options have created a market opportunity for GoStudent. The company leverages technology to make private tutoring more accessible and convenient for students and tutors, while also providing a revenue stream for the company through its commission-based model.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of GoStudent</h6>

  <p>In 2020, GoStudent raised €14 million in a Series A funding round, led by Project A Ventures and joined by existing investors such as Baloise Group and Deutsche Telekom. The funding will be used to support the company's growth and expansion plans, as well as to invest in further product development.</p>
</body>
</html>