<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Transmit Security</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Israel</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.transmitsecurity.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.transmitsecurity.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders with Experience in Cybersecurity</h6>

  <p>Transmit Security was founded in 2014 by veterans in the cybersecurity industry, Mickey Boodaei and Rakesh K. Loonkar. Mickey Boodaei previously co-founded and served as CTO at Portal Solutions, a cybersecurity company that was later acquired by RSA Security. Rakesh K. Loonkar served as CTO of RSA Security for the EMEA region after the acquisition of Portal Solutions.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Providing Identity Management Solutions for the Financial Services Industry</h6>

  <p>Transmit Security has established itself as a leading provider of identity management solutions for the financial services industry. The company's solutions are designed to simplify and streamline the process of identity verification and authentication, while ensuring the highest levels of security.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">B2B SaaS Model Focused on Financial Services</h6>

  <p>Transmit Security operates on a B2B SaaS model, providing its identity management solutions to financial services organizations such as banks, payment providers, and insurance companies. The company generates revenue by selling its solutions to these organizations and offering ongoing support and maintenance services.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Bridging the Gap between Convenience and Security</h6>

  <p>Transmit Security's identity management solutions aim to bridge the gap between convenience and security in the financial services industry. With the increasing need for seamless and secure online transactions, the company's solutions provide financial organizations with the tools to meet these demands while maintaining the highest standards of security.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Transmit Security</h6>

  <p>Transmit Security has raised significant funding from leading investors, including Nationwide Ventures, M12 (Microsoft’s venture fund), and Carmel Ventures and total funding is $543M. The company has used this funding to further develop its identity management solutions and expand its presence in the financial services market.</p>
</body>
</html>