<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Attentive</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.attentive.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.attentive.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founders with a Track Record</h6>

  <p>Attentive was founded in 2016 by Ethan Lo, Andrew Jones and Brian Long. Andrew is a serial entrepreneur who has previously co-founded and sold several startups, while Long is a marketing veteran with experience at companies like Ziff Davis and Hearst.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Bootstrapped to Billion-Dollar</h6>

  <p>Attentive quickly gained traction as a personalization platform for mobile messaging and raised over $150 million in funding from investors like Sequoia Capital, IVP, and Coatue. In just four years, the company has grown to serve over 600 brands and achieved a valuation of over $1 billion, making it one of the fastest-growing startups in recent history.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Driving Engagement through Personalization</h6>

  <p>Attentive's platform enables brands to send personalized SMS messages to customers and prospects, offering a more engaging and effective communication channel than traditional email. The company charges customers on a cost-per-open basis and uses data and artificial intelligence to optimize messaging and increase engagement rates.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Embracing the Power of SMS</h6>

  <p>Attentive was ahead of the curve in recognizing the untapped potential of SMS as a marketing channel. With open rates and engagement rates far surpassing those of email, SMS provides an opportunity for brands to reach customers where they are spending most of their time: on their phones. By leveraging AI to personalize messaging, Attentive is helping brands deliver more relevant and valuable experiences to customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Attentive</h6>

  <p>Attentive has raised over $150 million in funding from a range of top investment firms, including Sequoia Capital, IVP, and Coatue. The company has used this capital to grow its team and expand its product offering, positioning it for continued success in the highly competitive marketing technology space.</p>
</body>
</html>