<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Deliverect</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Belgium</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.deliverect.com/en</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.deliverect.com/en" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From a Frustration to a Solution</h6>

  <p>Deliverect was founded in 2018 by four friends, Jan Hollez, Jelte Vrijhoef, Jerome Laredo and Zhong Xu. The trio had previously worked in the delivery industry and were frustrated with the disconnect between restaurants, their delivery platforms, and the delivery providers. They saw an opportunity to create a software solution that would streamline the process and improve the overall customer experience.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Multi-channel Integration Solution for Restaurants</h6>

  <p>Deliverect provides an all-in-one software solution that helps restaurants integrate and manage their online food delivery orders from various channels like Uber Eats, Deliveroo, and many more. With Deliverect, restaurants can streamline their operations and save time by having a centralized platform to manage all their delivery orders. The company has seen a significant growth since its launch, serving over 5,000 restaurants globally.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">SaaS based revenue model</h6>

  <p>Deliverect operates on a software-as-a-service (SaaS) model. The company's platform integrates with popular food delivery platforms such as GrubHub, UberEats, and Deliveroo, allowing restaurants to manage orders and deliveries from multiple platforms in one place. Deliverect charges a monthly subscription fee for its services, based on the number of locations and delivery platforms integrated into the platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Solving a Major Pain Point for Restaurants</h6>

  <p>Deliverect provides a comprehensive solution for managing food delivery orders and operations. The company's platform is designed to help restaurants streamline their delivery operations and increase their efficiency, while providing a better customer experience. Deliverect's platform provides real-time order tracking, automatic order distribution, and advanced reporting and analytics, among other features.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Deliverect</h6>

  <p>Deliverect has raised several rounds of funding to support its growth and expansion. In 2019, the company raised $10 million in a Series A funding round, followed by a $20 million Series B funding round in 2020. The funds raised have been used to support Deliverect's growth and expansion into new markets, as well as to develop new features and enhance its platform.</p>
</body>
</html>