<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Advance Intelligence Group</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Singapore</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.advancegroup.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.advancegroup.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Artificial Intelligence in Business Processes</h6>

  <p>AIG was founded in 2016 by a group of data scientists and computer engineers, Jefferson Chen, who saw an opportunity to improve the efficiency of business processes through artificial intelligence.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Data to Insight using Machine Learning</h6>

  <p>AIG quickly made a name for itself by delivering innovative AI solutions to businesses across a wide range of industries, from finance to retail to healthcare. With its deep expertise in machine learning and natural language processing, the company has helped its clients unlock valuable insights from their data, automate routine tasks, and improve decision-making.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Expands to the AI Solution</h6>

  <p>AIG's business model is based on providing AI consulting services and developing custom AI solutions for its clients. The company works closely with each client to understand their unique needs and goals, and then uses its AI expertise to design and implement the best possible solution.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Deep Technical Expertise makes Impact</h6>

  <p>One of the key insights that has driven AIG's success is the realization that while AI has the potential to transform many industries, it is also a complex and rapidly evolving field that requires deep technical expertise to be leveraged effectively. AIG's founders and employees have this expertise, which has helped them to stay ahead of the curve and deliver cutting-edge solutions to their clients.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Advance Intelligence Group</h6>

  <p>AIG has received multiple rounds of funding from venture capital firms and strategic investors and its amount is $536M, which has allowed the company to continue to grow and invest in its AI capabilities. The company is widely regarded as one of the leading AI companies in Southeast Asia, and is well positioned for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>