<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Jobandtalent</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Spain</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.jobandtalent.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.jobandtalent.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founders with a Mission</h6>

  <p>Jobandtalent was founded in 2009 by Juan Urdiales and Felipe Navío. They were motivated by a common frustration with the traditional recruitment industry and a desire to create a more efficient and effective solution for job seekers and employers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Recruitment Industry</h6>

  <p>Jobandtalent's platform is designed to match job seekers with suitable employers and provide employers with a pool of qualified candidates. By using a combination of technology and human expertise, the company aims to eliminate the inefficiencies and frustration that exist in the traditional recruitment process. Since its launch, Jobandtalent has attracted millions of users and has expanded to operate in multiple countries around the world.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revenue through Services</h6>

  <p>Jobandtalent generates revenue through offering various services to employers such as access to its database of job seekers, resume filtering and ranking, and support in the hiring process. The company also offers premium services such as priority placement and additional employer branding options.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Leveraging Technology to Enhance the Recruitment Experience</h6>

  <p>Jobandtalent uses a combination of artificial intelligence and human expertise to provide a more effective and efficient recruitment experience. The company's platform uses machine learning algorithms to match job seekers with suitable employers, while a team of experts is available to provide support and guidance throughout the hiring process.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Jobandtalent</h6>

  <p>Jobandtalent has secured significant investment from a number of notable venture capital firms and investors and total funding amount is almost $1.3B. The company has used this funding to expand its operations and develop its technology, allowing it to better serve its users and reach new markets.</p>
</body>
</html>