<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>WeRide</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>China</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.weride.ai/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.weride.ai/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Early Beginnings</h6>

  <p>WeRide was founded in April 2017 by Qing Lu, Tony Han and Yan Li in Guangzhou, China. The three founders have a background in artificial intelligence, autonomous driving, and internet industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Pioneering the Autonomous Vehicle Industry</h6>

  <p>WeRide has quickly established itself as one of the leading companies in the autonomous vehicle industry. The company has been providing autonomous vehicle technology solutions and services to partners in the automotive and transportation industries. In 2020, WeRide became the first company in the world to launch an open and connected autonomous vehicle ride-hailing service in China. The company operates a fleet of autonomous vehicles in Guangzhou and has plans to expand its services to other cities in China.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Autonomous Vehicle Technology Solutions and Services</h6>

  <p>WeRide's main business is to provide autonomous vehicle technology solutions and services to partners in the automotive and transportation industries. The company offers a full range of autonomous vehicle technologies, including sensors, perception algorithms, control algorithms, and a cloud platform for data management and analysis. The company's autonomous ride-hailing service operates as a B2B2C model, where it partners with local ride-hailing companies to provide autonomous vehicles for their customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Focusing on Autonomous Vehicle Development and Deployment</h6>

  <p>WeRide's primary focus is on the development and deployment of autonomous vehicle technology. The company has a strong research and development team that works on improving the reliability and safety of its autonomous driving technology. The company believes that autonomous vehicles have the potential to revolutionize the transportation industry and improve the quality of life for people. WeRide is committed to working with partners in the automotive and transportation industries to bring autonomous vehicles to the masses.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of WeRide</h6>

  <p>WeRide has attracted significant investment from investors, including China Harmony Auto, Green Pine Capital Partners, and Ningbo Jifeng Auto Parts. The company has raised over $500 million in funding to support its development and deployment of autonomous vehicle technology.</p>
</body>
</html>