<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Traveloka</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Indonesia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.traveloka.com/en-en/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.traveloka.com/en-en/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founding Team</h6>

  <p>Traveloka was founded by Derianto Kusuma, Ferry Unardi and Albert Zhang in 2012. Kusuma and Unardi were former employees of McKinsey &amp; Company, while Zhang was a former software engineer.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Journey to Success</h6>

  <p>Traveloka began as a travel search engine and gradually expanded into a one-stop online travel booking platform. It has since become one of the leading online travel companies in Southeast Asia, offering flights, hotels, and other travel-related services. Today, Traveloka operates in multiple countries in the region and has been recognized for its innovation and growth.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revenue Generation</h6>

  <p>Traveloka operates on a commission-based model, earning a percentage of the total booking value for every transaction made through its platform. In addition, it also generates revenue through the sale of in-platform advertising and the provision of value-added services such as travel insurance.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Understanding the Market</h6>

  <p>Traveloka recognized the opportunity to digitize the travel industry in Southeast Asia, where many traditional travel agencies were still operating in a traditional, offline manner. By offering a convenient, online platform for booking travel, it has been able to capture a significant share of the market and grow rapidly.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Traveloka</h6>

  <p>Traveloka has received funding from a number of well-known investors, including East Ventures, Expedia, and Sequoia Capital. To date, the company has raised over $700 million in investment and is valued at over $1 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>