<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Airwallex</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Australia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.airwallex.com/us</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.airwallex.com/us" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Airwallex Trio</h6>

  <p>Airwallex was founded in Melbourne, Australia in 2015 by Jack Zhang, Lucy Liu and Max Li. They were inspired to create the company after encountering cross-border payment difficulties while running their own e-commerce business.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Aussie Startup to Global Powerhouse</h6>

  <p>Airwallex has quickly become one of the leading players in the digital cross-border payments industry. The company has raised over $360 million in funding, with its most recent valuation reaching $2 billion. Airwallex provides cross-border payments, foreign exchange, and digital wallets to businesses and individuals in over 130 countries.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Simplifying Cross-Border Payments</h6>

  <p>Airwallex's business model is focused on simplifying cross-border payments for businesses and individuals. The company provides its clients with access to its own proprietary platform that offers real-time foreign exchange rates and enables users to make cross-border payments at a fraction of the cost of traditional methods. Airwallex generates revenue through a combination of transaction fees, forex markup, and interest earned on customer deposits.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Future of Cross-Border Payments</h6>

  <p>Airwallex's vision is to create a world without financial borders, making cross-border payments as easy and accessible as domestic payments. With its innovative technology, Airwallex is well-positioned to lead the charge in this industry and continue to disrupt traditional cross-border payment methods.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Airwallex</h6>

  <p>Since its founding, Airwallex has attracted significant investment from a wide range of investors, including Sequoia Capital, Hillhouse Capital, and DST Global. In 2020, the company raised $160 million in a funding round led by Sequoia Capital, valuing the company at over $1 billion and making it one of Australia's first unicorns.</p>
</body>
</html>