<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Moon Active</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Israel</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.moonactive.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.moonactive.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Developers to Entrepreneurs</h6>

  <p>Moon Active was founded by four Israeli entrepreneurs - Alex Rein(CSO), John Kagan (CEO), Amit Keren (CPO), and Tal Kremer (CMO). The founders met while working together at a previous company, and saw an opportunity to build a mobile gaming company that could change the way people play games.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Start-up to Global Gaming Powerhouse</h6>

  <p>Moon Active quickly gained a reputation for creating engaging and addictive games that kept players coming back for more. One of their flagship games, "Coin Master," reached #1 in the US App Store within three months of its launch and has since been downloaded over 500 million times. Today, the company has over 200 employees and has expanded its reach to include offices in London and Berlin.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Mobile Gaming Monetization</h6>

  <p>Moon Active monetizes its games through in-app purchases and advertisements. Players can buy virtual coins or items to enhance their gaming experience, while advertisements provide a steady stream of revenue. The company's data-driven approach to game design and marketing has allowed them to optimize their monetization strategies and reach a massive global audience.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Breaking Barriers in the Mobile Gaming World</h6>

  <p>Moon Active stands out in the mobile gaming industry by constantly experimenting with new ideas and technologies. They have a deep understanding of their players, and use data to inform every aspect of their game design and marketing. The company's unique approach has not only made their games highly entertaining, but has also contributed to their tremendous success.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Moon Active</h6>

  <p>Moon Active has raised over $100 million in funding from investors such as Play Ventures, Thrive Capital, and Battery Ventures. The company has used this funding to expand its team, acquire new technologies, and bring its games to new markets around the world. With a solid financial backing and a talented team, Moon Active is poised for continued growth and success in the mobile gaming industry.</p>
</body>
</html>