<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Cell C</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>South Africa</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.cellc.co.za/cellc/home</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.cellc.co.za/cellc/home" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founding Team</h6>

  <p>Cell C was founded in November 2001 by Mohammed Hariri. He was born in Lebanon and moved to South Africa in the 1980s. He saw an opportunity to enter the telecommunications market in South Africa, which was dominated by two major players at the time, MTN and Vodacom.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Trailblazer in South African Telecommunications</h6>

  <p>Cell C is a South African mobile network operator that has been a major player in the South African telecommunications market since its inception. It is one of the few independent mobile operators in South Africa and is known for its innovative products and services, as well as its focus on customer experience.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Full-Service Telecommunications Provider</h6>

  <p>Cell C provides a wide range of services including voice and data services, mobile banking, mobile advertising and content services. The company operates a national GSM network and provides its services to both individuals and businesses. In addition, Cell C has partnerships with various content providers to offer its customers a wide range of entertainment and information services.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Challenges and Opportunities</h6>

  <p>Despite its success, Cell C has faced several challenges in the highly competitive South African telecommunications market. The company has faced financial difficulties in recent years and has had to restructure its debt in order to remain competitive. Despite these challenges, the company has continued to innovate and has introduced several new products and services, such as mobile financial services, to meet the changing needs of its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Cell C</h6>

  <p>Cell C has received funding from several investors, including the state-owned Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) and the Emerging Markets Telecommunications Services (EMTS). In addition, the company has entered into various partnerships with other companies, such as Blackberry and Microsoft, to expand its services and offer its customers a wider range of products and services.</p>
</body>
</html>