<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Veriff</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Estonia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.veriff.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.veriff.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founding Team with Background in Cybersecurity</h6>

  <p>Veriff was founded in 2015 by Kaarel Kotkas and Janer Gorohhov, who have background in cybersecurity and e-commerce. In 2014, Kotkas attended a startup event in San Francisco and noticed that many of the startups were struggling with the problem of identity verification. This inspired him to start Veriff, a platform that uses artificial intelligence and computer vision to verify users' identities online.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing Online Identity Verification</h6>

  <p>Veriff is a digital identity verification company that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms to quickly and accurately verify people's identities online. It provides a secure and seamless process for businesses to verify their customers' identities and mitigate fraud risk. With its innovative technology and user-friendly platform, Veriff has seen tremendous growth and has become a trusted partner for many businesses in various industries.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">B2B SaaS Model</h6>

  <p>Veriff operates on a B2B SaaS model, serving businesses of all sizes with its identity verification services. Its clients include financial institutions, fintech companies, e-commerce platforms, and more.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Addressing the Need for Secure Identity Verification</h6>

  <p>In today's digital age, online identity verification is crucial for businesses to ensure the safety and security of their customers and transactions. Veriff addresses this need by providing an innovative and reliable solution that is easy to use and integrates seamlessly with clients' existing systems.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Veriff</h6>

  <p>Veriff has raised significant funds from investors, including a $15 million Series A funding round led by Mosaic Ventures and a $7 million Series B funding round led by Dusk Capital. These funds have been used to support the company's growth and further development of its technology.</p>
</body>
</html>