<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Emerging Markets Property Group</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United Arab Emirates</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.empg.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.empg.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founding Team</h6>

  <p>The founding team of Emerging Markets Property Group consists of two co-founders: Imran Ali Khan, Zeeshan Ali Khan. Zeeshan Ali Khan was born and raised in Pakistan and has a background in software engineering. Imran Ali Khan is also from Pakistan and has a background in business and finance. The two brothers saw an opportunity to use technology to transform the real estate industry in emerging markets.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Growth and Expansion</h6>

  <p>EMPG has grown rapidly since its founding in 2014, expanding into multiple countries including the UAE, Egypt, and India. It is now one of the largest real estate companies in the region and has received recognition for its success, including being named one of the fastest-growing companies in the UAE.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Real Estate Investment and Development</h6>

  <p>EMPG's business model focuses on real estate investment and development. It acquires properties, develops and manages them, and sells them for a profit. The company has a wide portfolio of residential and commercial properties, and also provides property management services.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Focus on Emerging Markets</h6>

  <p>EMPG's unique insight is its focus on emerging markets. It has identified the significant potential for growth in these markets and is capitalizing on this opportunity by acquiring, developing and managing properties in these regions. The company's strategy is to provide high-quality real estate solutions to its customers while maximizing returns for its investors.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Emerging Markets Property Group</h6>

  <p>EMPG has raised capital through a combination of private equity investments, partnerships with other real estate firms, and debt financing and its amount is about $479M. The company has established strong relationships with major investment firms and financial institutions, allowing it to secure funding for its continued growth and expansion.</p>
</body>
</html>