<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>BYJU's</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>India</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://byjus.com/global/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://byjus.com/global/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Edtech Pioneer Behind BYJU's</h6>

  <p>BYJU's was founded in 2008 by Byju Raveendran, a former teacher and educational entrepreneur. He saw an opportunity to bring quality education to students in India using technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Way India Learns</h6>

  <p>BYJU's has grown into India's largest education technology company, offering online learning programs for students from grades 4 to 12, as well as competitive exams such as the IAS, JEE, and NEET. The company has been successful in bridging the gap between students and quality education, providing personalized learning experiences through its interactive videos, practice sessions, and live classes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Subscriptions and Advertising</h6>

  <p>BYJU's generates revenue through its subscription-based learning program. The company also earns revenue from advertising and partnerships with schools and coaching centers. BYJU's has a strong focus on delivering quality education, constantly upgrading its content and technology to provide the best learning experience for students.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Students to Learn at their Own Pace</h6>

  <p>BYJU's vision is to provide students with the best possible learning experience, allowing them to learn at their own pace and on their own terms. With its innovative and engaging content, BYJU's has become a household name in India and is now expanding globally.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of BYJU's</h6>

  <p>BYJU's has received substantial investment from top venture capital firms, including Sequoia Capital, Sofina, and Tencent. The company has raised over $2 billion in funding, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $16 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>