<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Revolut</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United Kingdom</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.revolut.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.revolut.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Visionaries Behind Revolut</h6>

  <p>Revolut was founded in 2015 by Nikolay Storonsky and Vlad Yatsenko. The two co-founders saw an opportunity to revolutionize the traditional banking system, creating a mobile-based platform that would make managing money easier and more convenient.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Disrupting the Traditional Banking Industry</h6>

  <p>Revolut began as a platform for exchanging currency at the best possible rates, but has since expanded into a full-service mobile bank. The company has gained popularity for its innovative approach to banking, offering features such as virtual accounts, budgeting tools, and spending insights. It has grown rapidly, with over 12 million customers worldwide as of 2021.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Premium Services and Interchange Fees</h6>

  <p>Revolut generates revenue through its premium services, such as metal cards and premium subscriptions, as well as through interchange fees from its debit card transactions. The company also earns revenue from its business services, which offer small and medium-sized businesses access to the platform's financial services.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Customers to Manage their Finances</h6>

  <p>Revolut is on a mission to empower its customers to take control of their finances. Its platform offers a range of innovative financial services, making it easier and more convenient to manage money on the go. Revolut has quickly become a popular alternative to traditional banks, attracting a large and growing customer base.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Revolut</h6>

  <p>Revolut has received substantial investment from top venture capital firms, including DST Global, Ribbit Capital, and Index Ventures. The company has raised over $1 billion in funding, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $5.5 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>