<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Grammarly</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.grammarly.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.grammarly.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Minds Behind Grammarly</h6>

  <p>Grammarly was founded in 2009 by two Ukrainian tech entrepreneurs, Alex Shevchenko and Max Lytvyn. The two founded the company with a goal of improving the way people communicate through technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Rise of Grammarly</h6>

  <p>Grammarly began as a browser extension that checked spelling and grammar. Over time, the company added features such as tone detection and plagiarism checks, making it a comprehensive writing assistant. Today, Grammarly has become the go-to tool for millions of people looking to improve their writing.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Grammarly's Lucrative Business Model</h6>

  <p>Grammarly's business model is based on offering a freemium service, with a basic version that's free to use and a premium version that includes more advanced features. The company also offers enterprise solutions for businesses, providing them with a more robust suite of tools to improve writing across their organization.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Grammarly's Unique Insight into Writing</h6>

  <p>Grammarly's success can be attributed to its deep understanding of writing and how technology can be used to enhance the writing experience. The company's algorithm takes into account over 400 rules of grammar, spelling, and punctuation, making it a powerful tool for anyone looking to improve their writing skills.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Grammarly</h6>

  <p>Grammarly has raised a total of $400M in funding over 3 rounds. Their latest funding was raised on Nov 17, 2021 from a Private Equity round. Grammarly is funded by 8 investors. Baillie Gifford and BlackRock are the most recent investors.</p>
</body>
</html>