<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Celonis</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Germany</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.celonis.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.celonis.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Unlocking the Power of Process Intelligence</h6>

  <p>Celonis was founded in 2011 by Alexander Rinke, Martin Klenk, and Bastian Nominacher. The three friends, who met while studying at the Technical University of Munich, saw an opportunity to revolutionize the way organizations managed their processes. They developed a process mining software that could analyze and optimize business processes, providing valuable insights for improvement.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Garage Startup to Global Leader</h6>

  <p>Celonis has experienced rapid growth since its inception, becoming one of the leading process mining software providers in the world. The company has received numerous awards and accolades for its innovative technology, including recognition as a Cool Vendor in Process Automation by Gartner. Today, Celonis serves over 2,500 organizations in more than 70 countries, including many of the world's largest companies.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Leveraging the Power of Software-as-a-Service</h6>

  <p>Celonis operates on a software-as-a-service (SaaS) model, offering its process mining software through cloud-based subscriptions. The company generates revenue through the sale of its subscriptions, which range from basic plans for small organizations to enterprise-level offerings for large companies. Celonis has also developed partnerships with consulting firms and systems integrators to expand its reach and offer additional services to its clients.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Organizations to Optimize and Improve</h6>

  <p>Celonis' success can be attributed to its focus on empowering organizations to optimize and improve their processes. By providing valuable insights and data-driven recommendations, Celonis helps organizations to make informed decisions about process improvement and to drive efficiency and productivity. The company's innovative technology and commitment to customer success has made it a trusted partner for organizations around the world.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Celonis</h6>

  <p>Celonis has raised over $500 million in funding from top investors, including Accel, 83North, and Insight Partners. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand its product offerings, and grow its global presence. With a solid financial foundation and a commitment to innovation, Celonis is well-positioned for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>