<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Tempus</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.tempus.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.tempus.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Founding Fathers of Data-Driven Healthcare</h6>

  <p>Tempus was founded in 2015 by Eric Lefkofsky, a tech entrepreneur, and Brad Keywell, a serial entrepreneur and co-founder of Groupon. The company's goal was to use data and technology to change the way healthcare is delivered and improve patient outcomes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Startup to Unicorn in Record Time</h6>

  <p>Tempus has experienced rapid growth and success since its inception. In just five years, the company has raised over $1 billion in funding and achieved a $5 billion valuation, making it one of the fastest unicorns in the healthcare industry. The company has also made significant contributions to the field of personalized medicine and has partnerships with some of the top medical institutions in the world.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Healthcare Meets Big Data</h6>

  <p>Tempus is a technology company that uses data and machine learning to help healthcare providers make more informed decisions and deliver personalized care to patients. The company's core products include a clinical operating system and a machine learning platform that can analyze large amounts of patient data to identify patterns and predict outcomes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Future of Healthcare is Data-Driven</h6>

  <p>Tempus believes that the future of healthcare is data-driven, and the company is at the forefront of this movement. By collecting and analyzing vast amounts of patient data, Tempus is able to help healthcare providers make more informed decisions and deliver personalized care to patients. The company also believes that the key to improving healthcare outcomes is to bring together all relevant patient data, from genetic information to clinical records, and make it easily accessible to healthcare providers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Tempus</h6>

  <p>Tempus has raised over $1 billion in funding from top investors including Revolution Growth, New Enterprise Associates, and Alphabet's GV. The company's funding has allowed it to rapidly expand its team and products, and to make significant contributions to the field of personalized medicine.</p>
</body>
</html>