<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Fanatics</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.fanatics.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.fanatics.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Visionaries Behind Fanatics</h6>

  <p>Fanatics was founded in 1995 by billionaire Michael Rubin. Rubin had a vision to change the way fans purchase sports merchandise and apparel, and since then, Fanatics has become the largest online retailer of officially licensed sports merchandise.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Small Business to Global Leader in Sports Merchandise</h6>

  <p>Fanatics has experienced rapid growth, expanding its operations globally and forming partnerships with major sports leagues, including the NFL, NBA, MLB, and NHL. The company offers a wide range of sports merchandise, including jerseys, hats, t-shirts, and collectibles. Fanatics has been successful in providing fans with an unparalleled shopping experience, making it the go-to destination for sports merchandise.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through the Sale of Sports Merchandise and Licensing</h6>

  <p>Fanatics generates revenue through the sale of sports merchandise and licensing. The company has partnerships with major sports leagues, allowing it to sell officially licensed merchandise to fans. In addition, Fanatics operates a merchandise production and distribution arm, producing and shipping merchandise for teams and leagues.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Sports Merchandise Industry with Cutting-Edge Technology</h6>

  <p>Fanatics has revolutionized the sports merchandise industry with its use of cutting-edge technology. The company utilizes data and analytics to better understand fan preferences and buying behavior, allowing it to offer a personalized shopping experience. Fanatics is constantly innovating, incorporating new technologies and processes to improve the shopping experience for fans.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Fanatics</h6>

  <p>Fanatics has received investment from major venture capital firms, including SoftBank Vision Fund and Fidelity Investments. The company has raised over $1 billion in funding to support its growth and expansion. In addition, Fanatics has received strategic investments from major sports leagues, allowing it to further its partnerships and expand its reach in the sports merchandise industry.</p>
</body>
</html>