<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Carsome</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Malaysia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.carsome.my/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.carsome.my/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders with Different Backgrounds</h6>

  <p>Carsome was founded in 2015 by Eric Cheng and Jiun Ee Teoh. Cheng had a background in management consulting and investment banking, while Teoh was a former software engineer. Together, they saw the opportunity to create a more efficient and transparent marketplace for the buying and selling of used cars in Southeast Asia.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Quick Growth in Southeast Asia</h6>

  <p>Carsome has quickly established itself as a leading platform for used car transactions in Southeast Asia. The company has grown rapidly, with a presence in six countries across the region, including Malaysia, Indonesia, and Thailand. Carsome has also received recognition for its success, being named one of the top startups in Southeast Asia by Tech in Asia.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Innovative Marketplace for Used Cars</h6>

  <p>Carsome's business model is centered around providing a marketplace for the buying and selling of used cars in Southeast Asia. The company works with a network of partner dealers and car owners to provide transparent and fair prices for used vehicles. Carsome also offers services such as car inspections and financing, making the buying and selling process as seamless as possible for both parties.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Solving Pain Points in the Used Car Industry</h6>

  <p>Carsome saw a gap in the used car industry in Southeast Asia, with a lack of transparency and trust between buyers and sellers. The founders set out to create a platform that would solve these pain points by offering an efficient and reliable marketplace for used car transactions. This has helped to establish Carsome as a trusted and well-regarded player in the industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Carsome</h6>

  <p>Carsome has raised significant funding to support its rapid growth in Southeast Asia. The company has received several rounds of investment, including a $30 million Series C funding round led by Majuven in 2019. These funds have helped Carsome expand its operations and continue to innovate its platform and services.</p>
</body>
</html>