<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>TripActions</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://app.tripactions.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://app.tripactions.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Brainchild of Corporate Travel</h6>

  <p>TripActions was founded in 2015 by Ariel Cohen and Ilan Twig. Both co-founders have extensive experience in the corporate travel industry, with Cohen previously working as a travel manager at Google and Twig serving as the director of product management for travel at Yahoo.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Making Corporate Travel a Breeze</h6>

  <p>TripActions’ goal is to revolutionize the corporate travel industry by offering an end-to-end travel management solution that makes booking, managing and expensing trips easier and more cost-effective for businesses. With its user-friendly interface and comprehensive travel management tools, TripActions has become a popular choice for companies looking to streamline their travel processes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A One-Stop Shop for Corporate Travel</h6>

  <p>TripActions offers a full-service travel management platform for businesses, including booking, expense management, and 24/7 support. The platform integrates with multiple travel providers, including airlines, hotels, and rental car companies, to provide a comprehensive travel solution for businesses. TripActions also provides data analytics to help businesses optimize their travel spend and make more informed travel decisions.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Paving the Way for the Future of Corporate Travel</h6>

  <p>TripActions’ focus on customer experience and its use of technology have made it a leader in the corporate travel industry. The company’s mission is to make business travel stress-free and more efficient for everyone involved. By continuing to innovate and improve its platform, TripActions is poised to become a major player in the corporate travel market for years to come.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of TripActions</h6>

  <p>TripActions has raised over $800 million in funding from investors such as Andreessen Horowitz, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Zeev Ventures. The company has used its funding to expand globally, hire top talent, and continue to improve its platform. With the backing of some of the biggest names in venture capital, TripActions is well-positioned to take the corporate travel industry by storm.</p>
</body>
</html>