<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Trendy Group International</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Hong Kong</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.trendy-global.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.trendy-global.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Entrepreneurial Duo</h6>

  <p>Trendy Group International was founded by entrepreneur, Allen Zeman, in 2000. He was a prominent figure in the Hong Kong business community and has a long history in the retail industry. He is the son of a tailor and grew up in the garment industry. He later became a successful entrepreneur in the real estate and hospitality industries, and in 2000, he decided to return to his roots in the garment industry by founding Trendy Group International.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Expansion in Asia</h6>

  <p>Trendy Group International started as a fashion retailer in Hong Kong, but quickly expanded into different countries in Asia such as China, Taiwan, and Singapore. The company’s success can be attributed to its focus on providing high-quality fashion products at affordable prices and its use of innovative technology to enhance the shopping experience for customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Omni-Channel Retail Strategy</h6>

  <p>Trendy Group International operates through multiple sales channels including brick-and-mortar stores, e-commerce platforms, and mobile applications. The company aims to provide a seamless shopping experience for customers across all channels, allowing them to easily browse, purchase, and receive products.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Emphasizing Sustainability</h6>

  <p>In recent years, Trendy Group International has been making efforts to promote sustainability in its operations. The company has implemented initiatives such as reducing waste, using eco-friendly packaging materials, and incorporating sustainable materials into its products.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Trendy Group International</h6>

  <p>Information about Trendy Group International’s funding is not widely available as the company is privately held but total funding could be around $200M. However, it is known that the company has received investments from private investors to support its growth and expansion.</p>
</body>
</html>