<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Lalamove</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Hong Kong</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.lalamove.com/en-hk/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.lalamove.com/en-hk/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing Delivery Services</h6>

  <p>Lalamove was founded in 2013 by Chow Shing Yuk, Gary Hui and Santit Jirawongkraisorn. The three entrepreneurs saw an opportunity to disrupt the traditional delivery industry by providing a platform that connected customers with local delivery drivers. With a focus on innovation and a commitment to customer satisfaction, Lalamove has become a leading provider of delivery services in Asia.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Regional Player to Global Leader</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Lalamove has experienced rapid growth, expanding its operations to over 100 cities in Asia, Europe, and Latin America. The company has received numerous awards and accolades for its innovative technology and commitment to customer service, including recognition as a Cool Vendor in Logistics by Gartner. Lalamove has also been recognized for its impact on local communities, creating jobs for thousands of drivers and delivering essential goods to customers in need.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Customers with On-demand Delivery Services</h6>

  <p>Lalamove operates on a platform model, connecting customers with local delivery drivers through its mobile app. The company generates revenue through a fee on each transaction, which covers the cost of delivery and provides a profit for the company. Lalamove offers a range of delivery services, including same-day, next-day, and scheduled deliveries, to meet the needs of its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming Delivery Services with Technology</h6>

  <p>Lalamove's success can be attributed to its focus on transforming delivery services through the use of technology. The company's mobile app and platform make it easy for customers to place orders and track deliveries in real-time, providing a convenient and efficient experience. With a commitment to innovation and customer satisfaction, Lalamove is helping organizations around the world to streamline their delivery operations and improve their bottom line.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Lalamove</h6>

  <p>Lalamove has raised over $1 billion in funding from top investors, including Sequoia Capital, Hillhouse Capital, and ShunWei Capital. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand its product offerings, and grow its global presence. With a solid financial foundation and a commitment to innovation, Lalamove is well-positioned for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>