<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Sky Mavis</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Vietnam</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://skymavis.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://skymavis.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Duo with Gaming and Blockchain Backgrounds</h6>

  <p>Sky Mavis was founded in 2019 by three individuals, Aleksander Leonard Larsen, Jeffrey Zirlin and Viet Anh Ho who bring together expertise in gaming and blockchain technology. Larsen has a background in gaming and Rudy has experience in blockchain technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Quick Rise in Indonesian Gaming Industry</h6>

  <p>Since its launch in 2019, Sky Mavis has quickly become a leader in the Southeast gaming industry. The company has established partnerships with major players in the gaming and blockchain space, and has developed a strong reputation for delivering high-quality, innovative solutions.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Blockchain-based Gaming Solutions</h6>

  <p>Sky Mavis provides blockchain-based gaming solutions for both game developers and gamers. For game developers, the company offers a platform for creating, managing, and distributing blockchain-based games. For gamers, Sky Mavis provides a secure and transparent platform for gaming, with fast transaction speeds and low fees.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Emphasizing Fairness and Transparency in Gaming</h6>

  <p>One of the key insights behind Sky Mavis' success is the company's commitment to fairness and transparency in gaming. The use of blockchain technology ensures that all transactions and game results are publicly verifiable, creating a more level playing field for all players.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Sky Mavis</h6>

  <p>Sky Mavis has received funding from several major investors and total funding is around $311M, including NGC Ventures, Animoca Brands, and ID Ventures. These investments have allowed the company to continue its rapid growth and expansion, as well as to develop new and innovative solutions for the gaming industry.</p>
</body>
</html>