<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Rohlik</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Czech Republic</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.rohlik.cz/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.rohlik.cz/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founder of Rohlik</h6>

  <p>Rohlik was founded in 2014 by Tomáš Čupr and become a leading European e-grocery retailer. Already active in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Austria and Germany, it is launching in Romania, Italy and Spain in the coming months under the Sezamo brand. The company is dynamic and growing rapidly, attaining unicorn status in 2021.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth in the Czech Republic and Expansion to Other European Countries</h6>

  <p>Rohlik is an online grocery delivery service based in the Czech Republic. It quickly became popular in the Czech Republic due to its fast delivery and extensive product selection. The company then expanded to other countries in Europe, including Hungary, Poland, and Slovakia. As of 2021, Rohlik had raised over €300 million in funding and was valued at over €1 billion.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Delivery-Based Online Grocery Service</h6>

  <p>Rohlik operates an online grocery delivery service, offering a wide selection of groceries, household essentials, and personal care products. Customers can place orders through the Rohlik website or mobile app, and the company delivers the products to their doorstep. Rohlik has partnerships with various local and international food and product suppliers, allowing it to offer a broad range of products to its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Customer-Centric Approach to Online Grocery Delivery</h6>

  <p>Rohlik has a customer-centric approach to online grocery delivery, focusing on delivering high-quality products and providing fast, convenient delivery. The company's user-friendly website and mobile app, along with its partnerships with local and international suppliers, have helped it to attract and retain customers. Additionally, Rohlik's commitment to sustainability, including using electric vehicles for deliveries, has helped to further differentiate the company in a crowded market.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Rohlik</h6>

  <p>Rohlik has raised significant funding from investors to support its expansion and continued innovation. As of 2021, the company had raised over €300 million in funding from investors, including Creandum, MCI, and Prosus Ventures. These investments have enabled Rohlik to expand into new markets and invest in technology and infrastructure to enhance the customer experience.</p>
</body>
</html>