<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Vinted</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Lithuania</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.vinted.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.vinted.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Trio of Friends with a Vision</h6>

  <p>The founder of Vinted, Milda Mitkute, Mantas Mikuckas and Justas Janauskas, were friends from Lithuania who saw a gap in the market for a second-hand clothing platform. They launched Vinted in 2008.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Resale Revolution</h6>

  <p>Vinted has become one of the largest second-hand clothing marketplaces in Europe, with over 40 million members in 13 countries. The platform offers a safe and easy way for people to buy and sell second-hand clothing, making sustainable fashion accessible to everyone.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Resale Rundown</h6>

  <p>Vinted operates as a marketplace, connecting buyers and sellers of second-hand clothing. The company makes money through commissions on sales and advertising. In addition, Vinted offers paid features such as premium memberships and a shipping label printing service.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Future is Second-Hand</h6>

  <p>Vinted's success shows the growing demand for sustainable and affordable fashion. The platform not only provides a platform for people to buy and sell second-hand clothing, but also promotes a circular economy and reducing waste.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Vinted</h6>

  <p>Vinted has received multiple rounds of funding, with the most recent being a $229 million Series D in 2020. The company has raised a total of $318 million to date, with investors including Accel, Insight Partners, and Burda Principal Investments.</p>
</body>
</html>