<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Back Market</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>France</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.backmarket.com/en-us</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.backmarket.com/en-us" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Repairmen to Entrepreneurs</h6>

  <p>Back Market was founded in 2014 by Thibaud Hug de Larauze, Quentin Le Brouster, and Vianney Vaute. The three friends were dissatisfied with the traditional electronics market, where consumers were often faced with limited options for repairing or buying pre-owned devices. They saw an opportunity to create a platform that would offer consumers a more sustainable and affordable alternative to buying new electronics.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From French Startup to Global Player</h6>

  <p>Back Market has seen tremendous growth since its founding. It started as a small operation in France and has since expanded to become a leading player in the global pre-owned electronics market. The company has a strong focus on sustainability and has won recognition for its efforts to reduce electronic waste. Back Market has attracted millions of customers, including consumers, repair shops, and electronics retailers, who value the company's commitment to offering high-quality and affordable pre-owned devices.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Secret to Back Market's Success: A Win-Win Approach</h6>

  <p>Back Market operates a marketplace platform that connects buyers and sellers of pre-owned electronics. The company ensures the quality of the devices sold on its platform by putting them through rigorous testing and certification processes. This helps to build trust with customers and sets Back Market apart from other pre-owned electronics platforms. The company generates revenue by charging sellers a fee for each transaction and by offering a range of value-added services to both buyers and sellers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Disrupting the Electronics Industry</h6>

  <p>Back Market's mission is to create a more sustainable and equitable electronics market by making pre-owned devices more accessible and appealing to consumers. The company's founders believe that their approach will help to reduce electronic waste and promote responsible consumption. They are committed to expanding the reach of Back Market's platform and to continuing to innovate in order to better serve the needs of their customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Back Market</h6>

  <p>Back Market has received significant investment from a number of high-profile investors. This funding has enabled the company to expand its operations, to invest in new technologies, and to build a strong team of experts. Back Market has raised over $200 million in funding to date, with its most recent funding round valuing the company at over $1 billion. With this funding, Back Market is well positioned to continue its growth and to realize its vision for the future of the electronics industry.</p>
</body>
</html>