<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Discord</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://discord.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://discord.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Real Dynamic Duo</h6>

  <p>Discord was founded by Jason Citron and Stanislav Vishnevskiy in 2012. Citron was a successful entrepreneur, having previously founded OpenFeint, a social gaming platform, while Vishnevskiy was an engineer.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Gaming to Global Communication</h6>

  <p>Discord started as a communication platform for gamers, but quickly evolved into a much broader tool for communication. Today, Discord is used by millions of people worldwide for a wide range of purposes, including remote work, education, and socializing. The company has grown rapidly, with over 140 million monthly active users as of 2021.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing the Chat Revolution</h6>

  <p>Discord's business model is based on selling premium features, such as increased file storage, custom emotes, and higher-quality screen sharing, to its users. The company also generates revenue through its Discord Nitro subscription service, which offers additional features for a monthly fee.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Power of Community</h6>

  <p>Discord's success lies in its ability to bring people together and build communities. The platform is highly customizable and allows users to create their own chat rooms and communities, which fosters a sense of belonging and enables people to connect with others who share their interests.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Discord</h6>

  <p>Discord has raised over $280 million in funding from a variety of investors, including Greylock Partners, IVP, and Tencent. The company has used this funding to scale its operations, hire more employees, and invest in product development. In 2020, Discord was valued at $7 billion after a successful funding round.</p>
</body>
</html>