<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Pleo</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Denmark</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.pleo.io/en</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.pleo.io/en" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Banking to SME Banking</h6>

  <p>Pleo was founded in 2015 by three Danish entrepreneurs, Jeppe Rindom, Niccolai Perra and Ebbe Altberg. All three had prior experience in banking, Jeppe Rindom and Niccolai Schusters both came from J.P. Morgan, while Ebbe Altberg had worked as a software engineer in the finance sector.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing SME Expense Management</h6>

  <p>Pleo set out to revolutionize the expense management process for small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs) by offering a smarter and simpler way to manage business expenses. Their product is a debit card and app system, where employees can make purchases and expense them directly, with the ability for managers to track, categorize and approve expenses in real-time. Pleo's solution has been a success, with the company now serving thousands of businesses across Europe.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Subscription-based SME Solution</h6>

  <p>Pleo's business model is subscription-based, where businesses pay a monthly fee for access to Pleo's expense management system. The fee is based on the number of cards and users the business needs, with various plans available to fit different business sizes. Pleo's success lies in the simplicity and ease-of-use of their product, which has made it a popular solution for SMEs.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Targeting the SME Market</h6>

  <p>Pleo's founders recognized a gap in the market for an effective and efficient expense management solution for SMEs. They saw an opportunity to streamline the expense process, making it easier for businesses to manage their finances and save time on expense reporting. By targeting the SME market, Pleo has carved out a niche for itself, becoming a leading player in the expense management space.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Pleo</h6>

  <p>Pleo has secured significant investment over the years to support its growth. The company has raised several rounds of funding, totaling over $60 million, with investors including ID Invest, Founders Fund, and BlackRock. This funding has allowed Pleo to expand its reach and develop new features, solidifying its position as a leading SME expense management solution.<br/></p>
</body>
</html>