<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Easyhome</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>China</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.easyhome.ca/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.easyhome.ca/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Renting to Owning</h6>

  <p>Easyhome was founded in 1999 by Linpeng Wang who was previously involved in the home appliances rental business, and he noticed that there was a demand for affordable furniture and home appliances in China.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Regional Player to National Powerhouse: The Rise of Easyhome</h6>

  <p>Easyhome initially started as a furniture and appliance rental company, but the company quickly expanded into a one-stop-shop for all home improvement needs. Today, Easyhome has become one of the largest home improvement retail chains in China, with over 1000 stores nationwide.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rent-to-Own: A Unique Business Model</h6>

  <p>Easyhome's business model is built around the concept of "rent-to-own", where customers can rent furniture and home appliances, with the option to purchase them at a later date. This model allows customers to access high-quality furniture and appliances without having to make a large upfront investment.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Filling the Gap in China's Home Improvement Market</h6>

  <p>In the past, China's home improvement market was dominated by small, independent shops, which made it difficult for customers to find the products they needed. Easyhome filled this gap by offering a wide range of high-quality products and a seamless shopping experience.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Easyhome</h6>

  <p>Easyhome has raised several rounds of funding from investors, including Sequoia Capital and Hillhouse Capital. They are expected to use the fresh funding to increase its loan book and grow its assets under management to $350M. These funds have been used to expand the company's operations and improve its technology and customer experience.</p>
</body>
</html>