<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Airtable</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.airtable.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.airtable.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Dream Team Behind Airtable</h6>

  <p>Airtable was founded in 2013 by three people - Howie Liu, Andrew Ofstad, and Emmett Nicholas. Liu and Ofstad were former employees at Y Combinator-backed startups and Jang was a designer. Their vision was to create a tool that could bridge the gap between spreadsheets and databases, making data management more intuitive and accessible.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing Data Management - One Table at a Time</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Airtable has grown rapidly, attracting millions of users worldwide. Its unique combination of spreadsheet and database capabilities has made it a popular choice for individuals, small businesses, and enterprises alike. Airtable has been recognized for its innovative approach to data management and has won several awards, including a Webby for Best Productivity App.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Building the Future of Work, One Subscription at a Time</h6>

  <p>Airtable operates on a freemium business model, offering a free version of its platform with limited features, and a paid version with more advanced capabilities. The company generates revenue through subscriptions to its premium plan, which offers unlimited storage, collaboration, and integrations. Airtable has also introduced a number of enterprise-level offerings, catering to the needs of large organizations.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Unlocking the Power of Data with Simplicity and Flexibility</h6>

  <p>Airtable's success can be attributed to its focus on simplicity and flexibility. The platform is designed to be easy to use, yet powerful enough to handle complex data management needs. By combining the best of spreadsheets and databases, Airtable has unlocked the power of data for millions of people, allowing them to work more efficiently and effectively.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Airtable</h6>

  <p>Since its founding, Airtable has raised over $170 million in funding from top investors, including CRV, Spark Capital, and Coatue Management. These investments have helped the company to scale its operations, expand its product offerings, and grow its user base. With a solid financial foundation and a commitment to innovation, Airtable is well-positioned for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>