<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Kavak</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Mexico</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.kavak.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.kavak.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Disrupting the Auto Industry with a Passion for Innovation</h6>

  <p>Kavak was founded in 2016 by two Mexican entrepreneurs: Carlos Julio Garcia and Roger Laughlin. With a shared passion for innovation and a desire to make car ownership more accessible and convenient, the three co-founders set out to disrupt the traditional auto industry with the creation of Kavak.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Riding the Wave of Disruptive Innovation</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Kavak has experienced rapid growth, becoming the leading online marketplace for used cars in Mexico and expanding into other Latin American countries. With its innovative approach to car sales and its commitment to providing a seamless and stress-free experience for buyers and sellers, Kavak has disrupted the traditional auto industry, winning over millions of customers and attracting numerous accolades and awards.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Way Cars are Bought and Sold</h6>

  <p>Kavak operates as an online marketplace, connecting buyers and sellers of used cars and offering a range of services to simplify the buying and selling process. The company generates revenue through commissions on sales made through its platform, as well as through its financing and insurance offerings.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming the Auto Industry with Technology and Customer-Centricity</h6>

  <p>Kavak's success can be attributed to its innovative business model and its commitment to using technology to simplify and improve the car buying and selling process. With a focus on customer experience and operational excellence, Kavak is leading the way in the global auto industry, offering a more convenient, transparent, and stress-free way to buy and sell cars.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Kavak</h6>

  <p>Kavak has raised over $200 million in funding from top investors, including Ribbit Capital, Kaszek Ventures, and Point72 Ventures. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand into new markets, and develop new product offerings, positioning Kavak for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>