<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Hopin</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United Kingdom</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://hopin.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://hopin.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Two Friends and a Dream</h6>

  <p>Hopin was founded in 2019 by Johnny Boufarhat and David Diane. Both Boufarhat and Diane previously co-founded the events platform Lyst, where they discovered the pain points in the events industry and the opportunity for a virtual solution.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Zero to Hero in No Time</h6>

  <p>In just 2 years, Hopin has become a leading virtual events platform, hosting some of the largest virtual events in the world, including the 2020 Democratic National Convention and Web Summit. The company has grown rapidly and has attracted a large following, thanks to its user-friendly platform and innovative features.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Connecting the Dots in the Virtual World</h6>

  <p>Hopin makes money by charging event organizers for access to its platform and its premium features, such as custom branding and audience analytics. The company also takes a percentage of ticket sales.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Virtual is the New Reality</h6>

  <p>The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the adoption of virtual events, and Hopin has been at the forefront of this shift. The company believes that virtual events are here to stay, and it aims to be the leading platform for virtual and hybrid events.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Hopin</h6>

  <p>Hopin has raised over $170 million in funding from investors such as Accel, IVP, and Tiger Global Management. The company has used this funding to expand its team, invest in product development, and scale its operations.</p>
</body>
</html>