<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Wiz</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Israel</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.wiz.io/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.wiz.io/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Entrepreneurs who wanted to monetize their knowledge</h6>

  <p>Wiz is a cloud security startup based in Israel that was founded in 2019 by Assaf Rappaport, Yinon Costica, and Ami Luttwak. Prior to founding Wiz, Rappaport and Costica were part of the founding team of Adallom, a cloud security company that was acquired by Microsoft in 2015 for $320 million. Luttwak, on the other hand, had previously worked as a senior security researcher at Microsoft, where he focused on cloud security. The trio came together with a shared vision to address the growing need for cloud security solutions in the modern digital landscape. They wanted to create a platform that could provide organizations with a comprehensive, end-to-end view of their cloud security posture and help them proactively identify and mitigate potential risks and threats.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A platform for businesses to manage and share their knowledge</h6>

  <p>Wiz is an Israeli startup that provides a platform for businesses to manage and share their knowledge, reducing the time and effort spent searching for information. The company has grown rapidly and has received recognition for its innovative approach to knowledge management. Wiz has been named one of the top 10 startups in Israel and has received multiple awards for its technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A different level of subscription-based model</h6>

  <p>Wiz operates on a subscription-based model, where businesses pay a monthly fee for access to the platform. The company offers a variety of pricing plans to suit the needs of different sized organizations, and has partnerships with major corporations and enterprise-level clients.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The rise of remote work</h6>

  <p>The rise of remote work and the increasing importance of knowledge management have made Wiz a valuable tool for businesses looking to streamline their operations. The platform helps to standardize and organize information, making it easier for employees to access the information they need when they need it.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Wiz</h6>

  <p>Wiz has raised over $30 million in funding from investors, including Viola Growth and Insight Partners. The company has used this funding to scale its operations and expand into new markets. With its focus on innovation and commitment to providing the best possible experience for its customers, Wiz is well-positioned for future growth and success.</p>
</body>
</html>