<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Talkdesk</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.talkdesk.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.talkdesk.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Disrupting Customer Service</h6>

  <p>Talkdesk was founded in 2011 by Tiago Paiva and Cristina Fonseca. The two Portuguese entrepreneurs saw an opportunity to revolutionize the customer service industry by providing a cloud-based platform that could deliver a better experience for both customers and agents. With a focus on innovation and a commitment to customer success, Talkdesk has become a leading provider of customer service technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Startup to Industry Leader</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Talkdesk has experienced rapid growth, serving thousands of customers in over 100 countries. The company has received numerous awards and accolades for its innovative technology, including recognition as a Cool Vendor in Contact Center Infrastructure by Gartner. Talkdesk has also been recognized for its commitment to customer success, earning a rating of 4.7 out of 5 stars on G2.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Companies with Cloud-based Customer Service</h6>

  <p>Talkdesk operates on a software-as-a-service (SaaS) model, offering its customer service platform through cloud-based subscriptions. The company generates revenue through the sale of its subscriptions, which range from basic plans for small organizations to enterprise-level offerings for large companies. Talkdesk also offers a range of professional services, including support, training, and consulting, to help customers optimize their use of the platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Delivering a Better Customer Experience with AI-powered Technology</h6>

  <p>Talkdesk's success can be attributed to its focus on delivering a better customer experience through the use of AI-powered technology. The company's platform leverages machine learning and artificial intelligence to automate routine tasks, improve call routing, and provide personalized experiences for customers. With a commitment to innovation and customer success, Talkdesk is helping organizations around the world to transform their customer service operations.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Talkdesk</h6>

  <p>Talkdesk has raised over $300 million in funding from top investors, including DFJ Growth, Sapphire Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand its product offerings, and grow its global presence. With a solid financial foundation and a commitment to innovation, Talkdesk is well-positioned for continued success in the years to come.<br/></p>
</body>
</html>