<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Collibra</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Belgium</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.collibra.com/us/en</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.collibra.com/us/en" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Trailblazers Behind Collibra</h6>

  <p>Felix Van De Maele, Pieter De Leenheer and Stijn Christiaens, who are engineering students at the University of Leuven, founded Collibra in 2008. They recognized the need for a powerful data governance solution and set out to build a software platform that would help organizations to better manage their data. The two men had the vision to create an enterprise solution that would help organizations navigate their data better.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Collibra’s Rise to Success</h6>

  <p>Since its inception, Collibra has grown to become one of the most successful startups in Belgium. Within its first year, the company had already secured over 2 million euros in funding. The company has since gone on to raise over 200 million euros in venture capital, making it one of the most successful Belgian startups in recent years.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Collibra’s Innovative Business Model</h6>

  <p>Collibra’s business model is based on the concept of “data governance as a service”. The company provides customers with a data governance platform that allows them to easily manage their data assets. The platform is offered in both on-premise and cloud-based versions, allowing customers to choose the best option for their needs.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Collibra’s Insightful Solutions</h6>

  <p>Collibra’s solutions are designed to provide customers with insights into their data. The company uses advanced analytics and artificial intelligence to deliver insights in an easy-to-understand format. This allows customers to make better decisions based on their data assets.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Collibra</h6>

  <p>Since its inception, Collibra has raised over 200 million euros in venture capital. This impressive funding has allowed the company to expand its operations and develop more advanced data governance solutions. In addition, the company has also secured investments from a number of prominent venture capital firms.</p>
</body>
</html>