<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>OpenSea</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://opensea.io/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://opensea.io/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Pioneers of Digital Collectibles</h6>

  <p>OpenSea was founded in 2017 by Devin Finzer, Alexander Atallah, and Matt Hall. The three co-founders were inspired to create an open marketplace for rare digital assets after realizing the potential of blockchain technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From a Small Startup to the World's Largest Digital Marketplace</h6>

  <p>OpenSea started as a small startup, but it quickly gained traction among NFT (Non-Fungible Token) collectors and creators. With its user-friendly platform and a growing community of users, OpenSea has become the world's largest digital marketplace for rare and unique digital assets.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Unlocking the Potential of NFTs</h6>

  <p>OpenSea's business model is based on its NFT marketplace, where users can buy, sell, and trade unique digital assets. The platform also generates revenue through transaction fees and other monetization strategies, such as sponsored content and featured listings.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Future of Digital Collectibles</h6>

  <p>OpenSea's NFT marketplace is not just a platform for buying and selling digital assets. It is also a community of artists, collectors, and enthusiasts who are shaping the future of digital collectibles. The platform has already been used for several innovative projects, such as virtual real estate, digital art, and collectible video game items.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of OpenSea</h6>

  <p>OpenSea has received funding from a number of high-profile investors, including Andreessen Horowitz, Founders Fund, and Naval Ravikant. The funds raised have been used to improve the platform and scale the business, allowing OpenSea to remain at the forefront of the NFT market and total funding amount is $427.2M.</p>
</body>
</html>