<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Gusto</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://gusto.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://gusto.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Birth of Better Benefits</h6>

  <p>Gusto was founded in 2011 by Joshua Reeves, Tomer London, and Edward Kim. The three entrepreneurs saw an opportunity to improve the way that small businesses manage their payroll, benefits, and HR processes. With a focus on making these tasks simple and accessible, Gusto has become a leading provider of payroll, benefits, and HR services.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Startup to Small Business Superhero</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Gusto has experienced rapid growth, attracting hundreds of thousands of customers across the United States. The company has received numerous awards and accolades for its innovative technology and commitment to customer service, including recognition as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor. Gusto has also been recognized for its impact on local communities, providing small businesses with the tools they need to manage their finances and employees.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Small Business with Payroll, Benefits, and HR Services</h6>

  <p>Gusto operates as a subscription-based service, offering a range of payroll, benefits, and HR services to small businesses. The company generates revenue through its premium subscriptions, which offer access to advanced features and integrations. Gusto also offers a free version of its platform, providing basic payroll and HR services to users.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Simplifying the Complexities of Small Business Management</h6>

  <p>Gusto's success can be attributed to its focus on simplifying the complexities of small business management. The company's platform provides small businesses with a unified solution for managing their payroll, benefits, and HR processes, allowing them to streamline their operations and focus on growth. With a commitment to innovation and customer satisfaction, Gusto is helping small businesses around the country to succeed.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Gusto</h6>

  <p>Gusto has raised over $170 million in funding from top investors, including General Catalyst, GV, and Ribbit Capital. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand its product offerings, and grow its national presence. With a solid financial foundation and a commitment to innovation, Gusto is well-positioned for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>