<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>SafetyCulture</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Australia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://safetyculture.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://safetyculture.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founding of SafetyCulture</h6>

  <p>SafetyCulture was founded in 2004 by Luke Anear in Townsville, Australia. He started the company with a mission to improve workplace safety. He was working in the mining industry in Western Australia when he saw an opportunity to use technology to improve safety in the workplace. He founded SafetyCulture with the goal of creating mobile apps that could help workers perform safety inspections and report hazards in real-time.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Growth and Expansion</h6>

  <p>SafetyCulture has grown rapidly since its inception, expanding from its Australian roots to serve customers in over 60 countries around the world. The company has raised over $80 million in funding and its iAuditor platform has been used to perform over 40 million safety inspections.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">SaaS-based Safety Inspection Platform</h6>

  <p>SafetyCulture operates a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform that provides a digital solution for workplace safety inspections. The iAuditor platform allows organizations to conduct safety inspections, track and resolve safety issues, and manage safety programs through a centralized, digital platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Improving Workplace Safety</h6>

  <p>SafetyCulture has been instrumental in promoting workplace safety and improving workplace safety standards globally. The company has a mission to make the world a safer place to work, and its products have been adopted by thousands of companies worldwide.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of SafetyCulture</h6>

  <p>SafetyCulture has received multiple rounds of funding, including a Series D funding round in 2020 which raised $60 million. The company has attracted investment from prominent venture capital firms, including Blackbird Ventures and Accomplice.</p>
</body>
</html>