<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Bolt</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Estonia</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://bolt.eu/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://bolt.eu/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Ride-Hailing Visionaries</h6>

  <p>Bolt, formerly known as Taxify, was founded in 2013 by Markus Villig, a young entrepreneur from Estonia. With a passion for technology and a vision for a better ride-hailing experience, Villig set out to create a company that would challenge the dominant players in the industry and provide a more affordable, efficient, and customer-friendly service.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Riding High in the Global Ride-Hailing Market</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Bolt has experienced rapid growth, expanding into over 30 countries across Europe, Africa, and Australia. With its innovative technology, user-friendly app, and affordable prices, the company has quickly become a major player in the global ride-hailing market, attracting millions of customers and earning recognition as one of the fastest-growing startups in Europe.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Disrupting the Ride-Hailing Industry with Affordable Prices and Cutting-Edge Technology</h6>

  <p>Bolt operates as a ride-hailing platform, connecting passengers with drivers through its user-friendly app. The company generates revenue through its ride-hailing services, as well as through additional services such as food delivery and electric scooter rental. By offering affordable prices, a user-friendly app, and cutting-edge technology, Bolt is disrupting the ride-hailing industry and setting a new standard for ride-hailing services.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Way People Move</h6>

  <p>Bolt's success can be attributed to its commitment to making transportation more accessible, affordable, and convenient for everyone. By leveraging technology to create a better ride-hailing experience, Bolt is revolutionizing the way people move and creating a more sustainable and efficient transportation system.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Bolt</h6>

  <p>Bolt has raised over $190 million in funding from top investors, including Daimler AG, Didi Chuxing, and Korelya Capital. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand into new markets, and develop new technologies, positioning Bolt for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>