<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Mynt</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Philippines</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://en.mynt.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://en.mynt.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-founders with a shared vision</h6>

  <p>Mynt was founded by Baltsar Sahlin and Derek Hansen in 2015. The two brothers shared a vision to bring financial services to the masses through digital platforms, and aimed to empower the unbanked and underserved populations in Southeast Asia.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth and Expansion</h6>

  <p>Mynt has achieved rapid growth and has become one of the leading digital financial services providers in Southeast Asia. With its suite of financial services including micro-loans, insurance, and remittances, Mynt has reached over 20 million users in the Philippines and has expanded to other countries in the region. The company has also established partnerships with some of the largest banks and financial institutions in the region, further expanding its reach and impact.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Creating Financial Inclusion through Technology</h6>

  <p>Mynt operates on a business-to-consumer (B2C) model, offering digital financial services through its platform to the unbanked and underserved populations in Southeast Asia. The company leverages technology, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, to provide accessible, affordable, and convenient financial services to its users.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Tackling Financial Exclusion in Southeast Asia</h6>

  <p>Mynt's mission is to tackle financial exclusion in Southeast Asia by bringing digital financial services to the unbanked and underserved populations. The company aims to provide access to financial services that were previously unavailable to these populations, thereby promoting financial literacy and helping to build a more inclusive financial system.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Mynt</h6>

  <p>Mynt has attracted significant investment from top venture capital firms, including Sequoia Capital, Ayala Corporation, and IFC (International Finance Corporation). The company has raised over $100 million in funding, which has been used to support its growth and expansion across Southeast Asia.</p>
</body>
</html>