<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>N26</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Germany</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://n26.com/en-eu</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Bank Revolutionaries</h6>

  <p>N26 was founded in 2013 by Valentin Stalf and Maximilian Tayenthal, with the goal of reinventing the traditional banking experience. Frustrated with the slow and outdated services offered by traditional banks, they set out to create a modern, digital-first bank that would provide consumers with a fast, convenient, and transparent banking experience.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Disrupting the Banking Industry, One Customer at a Time</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, N26 has experienced rapid growth, attracting millions of customers across Europe. The company has been recognized for its innovative technology and commitment to customer service, winning numerous awards and accolades. With its focus on providing a simple and straightforward banking experience, N26 has disrupted the traditional banking industry, offering consumers a new way to manage their finances.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Digital Bank for Everyone</h6>

  <p>N26 operates as a mobile-first bank, offering a range of financial services to consumers through its app. The company generates revenue through its premium subscriptions, which offer access to advanced features and services, as well as through transaction fees and interest on customer deposits. N26 also offers a free version of its platform, providing basic banking services to users.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Reinventing Banking for the Digital Age</h6>

  <p>N26's success can be attributed to its focus on providing a modern and convenient banking experience to consumers. The company's platform offers a range of financial services, including checking accounts, savings accounts, and investment products, all accessible through a simple and intuitive app. With a commitment to innovation and customer satisfaction, N26 is leading the way in the digital banking revolution.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of N26</h6>

  <p>N26 has raised over $670 million in funding from top investors, including Allianz X, Tencent, and Peter Thiel's Valar Ventures. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand its product offerings, and grow its European presence. With a solid financial foundation and a commitment to innovation, N26 is well-positioned for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>