<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Dream11</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>India</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.dream11.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.dream11.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Brainchild of Fantasy Sports</h6>

  <p>Dream11 was founded in 2007 by Harsh Jain and Bhavit Sheth. Both of them shared a passion for sports and wanted to create a platform that would bring fans closer to the action.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Dream to Reality</h6>

  <p>Dream11 has become one of the largest fantasy sports platforms in India, with over 100 million users. The platform allows users to create their own virtual teams made up of real-life players, and compete against each other based on their performance in real-life matches. In 2019, Dream11 became the first gaming company in India to enter the unicorn club with a valuation of over $1 billion.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Game within the Game</h6>

  <p>Dream11's business model revolves around monetizing its large user base through a variety of means, including advertising and partnerships with sports leagues and teams. The platform also offers paid games and leagues, where users can win real money prizes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Rise of Fantasy Sports in India</h6>

  <p>Dream11's success is a testament to the growing popularity of fantasy sports in India. The platform has tapped into the country's huge love for cricket, and has successfully expanded into other sports such as kabaddi and basketball.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Dream11</h6>

  <p>Dream11 has raised over $100 million in funding from investors including Tencent, Multiples Alternate Asset Management, and Kalaari Capital. The company has used this funding to expand its user base, improve its technology, and secure partnerships with sports leagues and teams.</p>
</body>
</html>