<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Qonto</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>France</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://qonto.com/en</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://qonto.com/en" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Birth of a Banking Solution</h6>

  <p>Qonto was founded in 2016 by Alexandre Prot and Steve Anavi, both experienced entrepreneurs in the fintech industry. Prot and Anavi were both working in the finance industry when they saw an opportunity to create a better banking experience for businesses. They believed that traditional banks were not meeting the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and that there was a demand for a more modern and user-friendly banking solution.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing Business Banking</h6>

  <p>Qonto quickly became one of the leading players in the digital banking sector in France, offering a simple and efficient solution for businesses of all sizes. With a strong focus on user experience and technology, the company has grown rapidly, acquiring over 100,000 customers and expanding into several European countries.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Simplifying Business Banking</h6>

  <p>Qonto offers a wide range of business banking services including current accounts, debit cards, expenses management, and invoicing, all accessible through its mobile app and website. The company also provides valuable insights and tools to help businesses optimize their finances, making it an all-in-one solution for modern businesses.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Mission to Empower Small Businesses</h6>

  <p>Qonto's mission is to empower small and medium-sized businesses by providing them with the same financial tools and services that larger corporations have access to. The company aims to simplify business banking and make it more accessible, so that entrepreneurs can focus on growing their businesses.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Qonto</h6>

  <p>Qonto has raised over $200 million in funding from a range of investors, including Tencent, Ribbit Capital, and Valar Ventures. The company has used this funding to scale its operations and expand its product offerings, solidifying its position as a leading player in the European fintech market.</p>
</body>
</html>