<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Mambu</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Netherlands</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://mambu.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://mambu.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Banking to Banking Software</h6>

  <p>Mambu was founded in 2011 by Eugene Danilkis and Frederik Pfisterer. Both founders have a background in banking, with Eugene working as a financial analyst in the banking industry and Oleg as a software engineer. They saw the need for a more efficient and flexible banking system, which led to the creation of Mambu.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing Banking</h6>

  <p>Mambu has been successful in revolutionizing the traditional banking industry. The company offers a cloud-based banking platform that enables financial institutions to offer their customers innovative and digital banking services. Mambu’s platform is user-friendly, easy to integrate, and cost-effective, making it an attractive solution for many banks and fintech companies.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">SaaS for Banking</h6>

  <p>Mambu operates on a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model. The company offers its cloud-based banking platform to financial institutions, who then use the platform to offer their customers digital banking services. Mambu charges its clients a subscription fee for the use of its platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Filling the Gap in the Banking Industry</h6>

  <p>Mambu was created to fill a gap in the traditional banking industry. The founders saw the need for a more efficient and flexible banking system and created Mambu to meet this need. The company’s success lies in its ability to offer financial institutions a solution that is user-friendly, easy to integrate, and cost-effective.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Mambu</h6>

  <p>Mambu has received significant funding from major investors. The company has raised over $300 million in funding to date, with investors such as N26, Singapore’s Temasek, and Germany’s Point Nine Capital. This funding has allowed Mambu to expand its operations and develop new products.</p>
</body>
</html>