<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Getir</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Turkiye (Turkey)</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://getir.com/global/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://getir.com/global/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Bringing Instant Gratification to Life</h6>

  <p>Getir is a Turkish delivery startup that was founded in 2015 by Nazım Salur. Salur had previously founded a successful retail chain called Blueberry, which had over 200 stores in Turkey. Salur's idea for Getir was born out of frustration with the time-consuming process of shopping for everyday essentials. He wanted to create a service that would allow people to order the products they needed quickly and easily, and have them delivered to their doorstep in just minutes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Conquering the On-Demand Delivery Market</h6>

  <p>Getir is a mobile application-based on-demand delivery platform that allows users to order a wide range of products and services, including food, groceries, and household items. The company has quickly become one of the fastest-growing delivery startups in Turkey, expanding to the UK and Russia in 2021.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Delivering Profits with Quickness and Convenience</h6>

  <p>Getir operates on a model where it charges a commission from the merchants and delivery partners on each transaction. The company's focus on quick delivery times and convenient user experience has made it a popular choice among customers, helping it secure partnerships with several well-known brands.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Delivery Industry with Cutting-Edge Technology</h6>

  <p>Getir leverages technology to offer real-time tracking and efficient delivery times, setting it apart from traditional delivery services. The company's innovative approach has earned it recognition as one of the top tech startups in Turkey and Europe.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Getir</h6>

  <p>Getir has raised over $300 million in funding from investors including Sequoia Capital, Goodwater Capital, and QME Quotient, among others. These investments have helped the company to expand its operations, hire more talent, and invest in technology to continue improving its services.</p>
</body>
</html>