<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Devoted Health</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.devoted.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.devoted.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Visionaries Behind Devoted Health</h6>

  <p>Devoted Health was founded in 2016 by Todd and Ed Park, two well-known healthcare entrepreneurs. Todd Park is a former US Chief Technology Officer and Ed Park is a former executive at Athenahealth. Together, they aim to improve the healthcare system by providing seniors with a better experience and better health outcomes.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming Healthcare One Senior at a Time</h6>

  <p>Devoted Health started as a Medicare Advantage plan for seniors in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. With a focus on customer service and technology, the company quickly gained popularity and expanded to more states. Today, Devoted Health serves tens of thousands of seniors across the country and is known for its innovative approach to healthcare.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Providing Seniors with Comprehensive Care</h6>

  <p>Devoted Health operates as a Medicare Advantage plan, which means that it provides seniors with all the benefits of traditional Medicare and more. The company partners with providers to offer a range of additional benefits, including transportation to appointments, 24/7 virtual doctor visits, and personalized care teams. Devoted Health's goal is to provide seniors with comprehensive, coordinated care that helps them live their best lives.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Future of Healthcare</h6>

  <p>Devoted Health is leading the charge in transforming the healthcare system. The company uses technology to make it easier for seniors to access care and stay healthy, and it places a strong emphasis on customer service. By focusing on the needs of seniors, Devoted Health is helping to create a healthcare system that is more patient-centered and more efficient.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Devoted Health</h6>

  <p>Devoted Health has raised over $300 million in funding from investors, including Andreessen Horowitz, 8VC, and Venrock. This capital has allowed the company to expand its operations, hire top talent, and invest in technology and innovation. With its strong financial backing, Devoted Health is well-positioned to continue its rapid growth and transform the healthcare system.</p>
</body>
</html>