<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>OCSiAl</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Luxembourg</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://ocsial.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://ocsial.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founding of OCSiAl</h6>

  <p>OCSiAl was founded in 2012 by Mikhail Predtechenskiy, Oleg Kirillov, Yuriy Zelvenskiy and Yury Koropachinskiy, who were inspired by the unique properties of single-walled carbon nanotubes (SWCNTs) and sought to create a scalable production method to utilize these materials in a wide range of industries.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Leader in the Carbon Nanotube Industry</h6>

  <p>Over the past decade, OCSiAl has grown to become the largest producer of SWCNTs in the world, with a production capacity of over 100 tons per year. The company has established partnerships with major corporations across numerous industries, including automotive, electronics, energy, and materials, to develop and implement innovative solutions utilizing SWCNTs.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Providing Innovative Solutions with SWCNTs</h6>

  <p>OCSiAl's business model centers around the production and distribution of high-quality SWCNTs and the development of innovative solutions utilizing these materials. The company collaborates with clients to tailor their products and solutions to meet their specific needs and aims to provide the highest level of customer support and technical expertise.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Harnessing the Power of SWCNTs</h6>

  <p>The unique properties of SWCNTs, including their exceptional strength, electrical conductivity, and thermal stability, have led to a wide range of potential applications across numerous industries. OCSiAl aims to continue exploring and harnessing the full potential of these materials to drive innovation and bring about positive change.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of OCSiAl</h6>

  <p>OCSiAl Group has raised a total of $290M in funding over 15 rounds. Also, they received investments from a number of strategic partners, including major corporations in various industries. These investments have allowed OCSiAl to expand their production capacity and continue developing innovative solutions utilizing SWCNTs.</p>
</body>
</html>