<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Odoo</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Belgium</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.odoo.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.odoo.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Belgian Entrepreneurs</h6>

  <p>Odoo was founded by Belgian entrepreneurs Fabien Pinckaers and Xavier Blanc in 2005. In 2002, Pinckaers started working on an open-source ERP system called TinyERP. He continued to develop the software and eventually renamed it Odoo.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From OpenERP to Odoo</h6>

  <p>Odoo started as OpenERP, a software company that provided open-source enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions. The company then rebranded to Odoo in 2014 to reflect its expanded product offerings. Today, Odoo is a comprehensive suite of business applications that includes ERP, CRM, project management, and more. The company has grown rapidly and now has a presence in over 100 countries, serving millions of users worldwide.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Open-source and SaaS</h6>

  <p>Odoo offers its software as open-source, with a commercial license for enterprise customers. The company also provides a SaaS (Software as a Service) version of its software, where customers can subscribe to use the software hosted by Odoo.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Emphasis on Simplicity and Customizability</h6>

  <p>Odoo differentiates itself from other business software solutions by offering a user-friendly interface and emphasizing simplicity and customizability. The company provides a modular approach, allowing customers to choose and implement only the features they need, and to add new features as their business grows.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Odoo</h6>

  <p>After investing €180 million at a €2 billion valuation in 2021, Summit Partners has reportedly fully bought out early investors Sofinnova Partners and XAnge to increase its stake and lift Odoo's valuation to €3.2 billion. With the transaction, Summit Partners put up another €112 million and upped its stake to 25%, with minority shareholders such as Xavier Niel and the Regional Investment Company of Wallonia (SRIW) still on the cap table. As of 2022, Odoo is recording $228m in funding.</p>
</body>
</html>