<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Cabify</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Spain</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://cabify.com/en</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://cabify.com/en" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Experienced Entrepreneurs</h6>

  <p>Cabify was founded by three experienced entrepreneurs: Adrian Merino, Francisco Montero and Juan De Antonio. They saw the need for a more efficient and reliable transportation option in Spanish cities and decided to start Cabify in 2011.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth in Latin America</h6>

  <p>Cabify quickly gained popularity in Spanish cities and expanded to other cities in Latin America, such as Mexico City and Santiago. The company’s focus on providing high-quality, efficient, and safe transportation services helped it grow rapidly in the region. Cabify also differentiates itself from competitors by offering premium services, such as a loyalty program and car options with high-end features.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Ride-Hailing and Delivery Services</h6>

  <p>Cabify operates as a ride-hailing service, connecting passengers with drivers through its mobile app. It also offers delivery services for businesses and individuals, allowing customers to send packages and items quickly and efficiently. Cabify makes money by taking a commission on each ride or delivery made through its platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Responding to Market Needs</h6>

  <p>Cabify has been successful in the Latin American market by responding to the needs and demands of the market. The company provides a high-quality and reliable transportation option in cities where traditional taxis are often unreliable. It also offers premium services that cater to a more discerning customer base. By understanding the market and responding to its needs, Cabify has been able to establish itself as a leader in the Latin American ride-hailing industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Cabify</h6>

  <p>Cabify has received several rounds of funding from investors, including Seaya Ventures, Kaszek Ventures, and Rakuten Capital. The company has raised over $200 million in total funding to support its rapid expansion in Latin America. These investments have allowed Cabify to continue to innovate and improve its services, further cementing its position as a leading player in the ride-hailing industry.</p>
</body>
</html>