<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>RELEX Solutions</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Finland</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.relexsolutions.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.relexsolutions.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Lars and Juhani's Dream</h6>

  <p>RELEX Solutions was founded in 2005 by Johanna Småros, Michael Falck and Mikko Kärkkäinen, three entrepreneurs with a vision to create an innovative retail planning and optimization solution. They founded RELEX Solutions to help retailers better manage their supply chains and transform their retail operations.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Decade of Growth</h6>

  <p>Since its founding, RELEX Solutions has grown to become a leader in retail planning and optimization solutions. The company has provided solutions to over 500 retailers across the globe, helping them to streamline their supply chains and improve their profitability. RELEX Solutions has also been recognized for its innovation, receiving awards such as the Red Herring Top 100 Europe Award in 2010 and the Global Retail Technology Award in 2012.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Retailers</h6>

  <p>RELEX Solutions' business model is based on empowering retailers to make better, faster decisions based on real-time data. The company's solutions enable retailers to automate their supply chain processes and make better decisions regarding product availability, pricing, promotions, and more. RELEX Solutions also provides consulting services to retailers, helping them to optimize their supply chain processes and achieve their desired results.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming Retail</h6>

  <p>ELEX Solutions has been at the forefront of transforming the retail industry. Its solutions enable retailers to optimize their supply chains, automate processes, and make decisions that improve their profitability. The company's innovative solutions have been widely adopted by retailers, allowing them to streamline their operations and remain competitive in an ever-changing market.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of RELEX Solutions</h6>

  <p>RELEX Solutions has raised a total of €51 million in three rounds of funding. The company has used the funding to expand its operations, build new products, and invest in research and development. With the additional funding, RELEX Solutions has been able to accelerate its growth, furthering its mission of transforming the retail industry.</p>
</body>
</html>