<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Checkr</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://checkr.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://checkr.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Friends to Founders</h6>

  <p>Checkr was founded in 2014 by Daniel Yanisse and Jonathan Perichon. Yanisse and Perichon were classmates at the University of California, Berkeley, and bonded over their shared passion for creating technology to solve complex problems.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Background Check Company That's Taking the World by Storm</h6>

  <p>Since its founding, Checkr has become one of the leading providers of background check services in the US and beyond. The company has grown rapidly, serving a wide range of industries, from ride-sharing and delivery to healthcare and staffing. In 2019, Checkr went public through a SPAC merger, becoming a publicly-traded company and further solidifying its position as a leader in the background check space.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Power of API: Checkr's Innovative Business Model</h6>

  <p>Checkr's business model revolves around its API-based platform, which makes it easy for companies to integrate background check services into their existing processes and systems. The company also offers a range of value-added services, such as verification services and compliance support, helping customers navigate complex regulations and requirements.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Checkr's Vision for the Future of Background Checks</h6>

  <p>Checkr is committed to making background checks more accessible, efficient, and transparent. The company's mission is to help businesses and organizations build trust with their employees, customers, and partners by providing accurate and up-to-date background check information. With its innovative technology and deep expertise in the industry, Checkr is well-positioned to lead the way in the evolving background check landscape.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Checkr</h6>

  <p>Checkr has received significant funding from some of the biggest names in venture capital and private equity, including Coatue Management, 8VC, and even the former CEO of Yahoo, Marissa Mayer. The company has raised over $180 million in funding to date, fueling its rapid growth and expanding its reach in the background check market.</p>
</body>
</html>