<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Wave</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Senegal</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.wave.com/en/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.wave.com/en/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Founders and Early Team Members</h6>

  <p>Wave was founded by Drew Durbin and Lincoln Quirk in 2017. Benno Ndulu is an economist and former governor of the Central Bank of Tanzania, while Francis Pedraza is a management consultant and entrepreneur. The co-founders have a wealth of experience in finance and technology, making them well-positioned to lead the development of Wave.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Providing Financial Services to the Unbanked</h6>

  <p>Wave provides financial services to the unbanked population in Senegal, who previously lacked access to traditional banking services. The company provides mobile-based financial services such as transfers, payments, and savings. This has helped to increase financial inclusion and access to financial services for millions of people in Senegal.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Mobile-Based Financial Services</h6>

  <p>Wave operates a mobile-based financial services platform that enables users to access financial services through their mobile phones. The company provides services such as transfers, payments, and savings. Wave earns revenue from transaction fees and interest earned on savings accounts.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Solving the Problem of Financial Inclusion</h6>

  <p>Wave was created with the aim of solving the problem of financial exclusion in Senegal. The company saw that many people lacked access to traditional banking services and decided to use mobile technology to provide these services. By doing so, Wave has increased financial inclusion and access to financial services for millions of people in Senegal.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Wave</h6>

  <p>Wave has raised several rounds of funding from a mix of venture capital firms and individual investors. To date, the company has raised over $20 million in funding to support its growth and expansion in Africa.</p>
</body>
</html>