<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>WeDoctor</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>China</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.wedoctor.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.wedoctor.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Visionary Duo</h6>

  <p>WeDoctor was founded in 2010 by Liao Jieyuanand Gary Xia. Liao and Xia both came from healthcare backgrounds and saw a need for a more patient-centered and convenient healthcare system in China.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Healthcare Disrupted</h6>

  <p>WeDoctor quickly grew in popularity and success in China, becoming one of the largest online healthcare platforms in the country. The platform offers a range of services, including online consultations with doctors, booking appointments, and ordering medication. We Doctor's unique business model and commitment to improving healthcare has earned it partnerships with major hospitals and a wide range of investors.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Connecting Patients to Care</h6>

  <p>WeDoctor's business model centers around connecting patients to healthcare services through its online platform. Patients can access a wide range of services, from online consultations with doctors to booking appointments and ordering medication. We Doctor also offers a range of services for healthcare providers, including online marketing and appointment booking systems. The company generates revenue through fees for its services and commissions on medication sales.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Improving Healthcare for All</h6>

  <p>WeDoctor is dedicated to improving healthcare for all. The company's platform is designed to make healthcare more accessible and convenient for patients, and its partnerships with major hospitals ensure that patients have access to high-quality care. We Doctor's innovative business model has earned it a strong reputation in China and has the potential to disrupt healthcare systems worldwide.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of WeDoctor</h6>

  <p>WeDoctor has raised significant funding from a range of investors, including Tencent, Hillhouse Capital Group, and CICC Capital and total funding is around $1.4B. The company's strong financial backing has allowed it to continue to grow and innovate, solidifying its position as a leader in the online healthcare industry.</p>
</body>
</html>