<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Dapper Labs</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Canada</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.dapperlabs.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.dapperlabs.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Dream Team to Reality Team</h6>

  <p>Dapper Labs was founded by Roham Gharegozlou, Dieter Shirley, and Mack Flavelle in 2018. The trio combined their expertise in gaming, blockchain, and entertainment to create the company.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Blockchain Meets Gaming: The Future is Here</h6>

  <p>Dapper Labs is the creator of CryptoKitties, a decentralized, blockchain-based game that went viral in late 2017. The success of CryptoKitties put Dapper Labs on the map and established it as a leader in blockchain gaming. The company has since gone on to launch other blockchain games and is working on bringing blockchain technology to new industries.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Blockchain on the Playground</h6>

  <p>Dapper Labs generates revenue through its blockchain games and the sale of virtual items within those games. The company has also secured partnerships with leading entertainment and sports brands to bring blockchain technology to new industries.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Innovation in Gaming and Beyond</h6>

  <p>Dapper Labs is at the forefront of the intersection between gaming and blockchain technology. The company is dedicated to making blockchain technology accessible to a wider audience through its games and partnerships. With a strong focus on user experience, Dapper Labs aims to bring the benefits of blockchain to new industries and revolutionize the way people interact with the technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Dapper Labs</h6>

  <p>Dapper Labs has raised over $75 million in funding from a range of investors, including Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, and Venrock. The company has used its funding to grow its team and expand its offerings in the blockchain gaming and entertainment space.</p>
</body>
</html>