<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Nuro</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.nuro.ai/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.nuro.ai/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Making the Roads Safer with Autonomous Delivery</h6>

  <p>Nuro was founded in 2016 by two former Google engineers, Dave Ferguson and Jiajun Zhu, who saw the potential for autonomous vehicles to transform the delivery industry. With a shared passion for using technology to make the world a better place, the two co-founders set out to build a company that would revolutionize the way goods are transported.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Leading the Way in Autonomous Delivery</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Nuro has become a leader in the autonomous delivery space, pioneering new technologies and business models that are shaping the future of the industry. With its cutting-edge self-driving vehicles, Nuro has made headlines around the world and attracted the attention of top investors and customers, positioning the company for continued success in the years to come.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing Delivery with Autonomous Technology</h6>

  <p>Nuro operates as an autonomous delivery company, using its cutting-edge self-driving vehicles to transport goods and packages from retailers and businesses to customers. The company generates revenue through its delivery services, as well as through partnerships with businesses and retailers looking to take advantage of its innovative technology.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming Delivery with Safety, Efficiency, and Innovation</h6>

  <p>Nuro's success can be attributed to its commitment to using autonomous technology to improve the delivery experience for businesses and consumers. With a focus on safety, efficiency, and innovation, Nuro is leading the way in the autonomous delivery space, offering a more convenient, efficient, and sustainable way to transport goods and packages.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Nuro</h6>

  <p>Nuro has raised over $1 billion in funding from top investors, including SoftBank Group, T. Rowe Price, and Fidelity Investments. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand into new markets, and develop new technologies, positioning Nuro for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>