<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>SmartNews</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Japan</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.smartnews.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.smartnews.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders of SmartNews</h6>

  <p>Kaisei Hamamoto and Ken Suzuki are the co-founders of SmartNews in 2012 and it launched in English in the U.S. in 2014, and the app is now available in more than 150 countries. The company styles itself as diverging from the received wisdom in American media: that polarization sells.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth and User Acquisition</h6>

  <p>SmartNews was founded in 2012 and has quickly grown to become one of the leading news aggregator apps in Japan. The app has been downloaded over 50 million times and has over 10 million active monthly users. The company has also expanded into the US market and has been successful in acquiring users there as well.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revenue through Advertising</h6>

  <p>SmartNews primarily generates revenue through advertising. The company partners with brands and media companies to display their ads within the app. SmartNews uses its algorithm to tailor the content and advertising shown to each user based on their interests and reading history.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Focus on Speed and Personalization</h6>

  <p>One of SmartNews' key differentiators is its focus on speed and personalization. The app's algorithm is designed to quickly deliver the most relevant news to each user, making it easier for them to stay informed and up-to-date. The app's user interface is also clean and simple, allowing users to quickly and easily access the news they want to read.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of SmartNews</h6>

  <p>SmartNews has raised over $100 million in funding from investors such as DCM Ventures, Amber Capital, and SN Holdings. The company has used this funding to grow its user base and expand into new markets, as well as to continue to improve its app and technology.</p>
</body>
</html>