<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Scale AI</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://scale.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://scale.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Duo on a Mission to Scale Up</h6>

  <p>Scale AI was founded in 2015 by a team of two, Alex Wang and Lucy Guo, who saw an opportunity to tackle a pain point in the artificial intelligence industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the AI Industry with a Human Touch</h6>

  <p>Since its inception, Scale AI has experienced tremendous growth, quickly becoming a leading provider of high-quality training data for AI algorithms. The company has leveraged its expertise in both AI and manual data annotation to deliver innovative solutions to clients in various industries. Today, Scale AI has a team of over 1,000 employees and has raised over $300 million in funding, making it one of the most successful AI startups in the world.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Human Element in AI</h6>

  <p>Scale AI's business model is centered around providing high-quality, human-verified training data to fuel the development of AI algorithms. The company's unique approach combines cutting-edge AI technology with a large network of trained human annotators to deliver accurate and reliable data that is unmatched by competitors.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">AI at Its Best When Human and Machine Work Together</h6>

  <p>Scale AI believes that AI is most effective when it leverages the strengths of both humans and machines. By combining the precision of AI technology with the expertise of human annotators, Scale AI is able to deliver the high-quality training data that AI algorithms need to reach their full potential.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Scale AI</h6>

  <p>Scale AI has received substantial investment from top venture capital firms, including 8VC, Founders Fund, and Iconiq Capital. To date, the company has raised over $300 million in funding, allowing it to continue its rapid growth and drive innovation in the AI industry.</p>
</body>
</html>