<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Patreon</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.patreon.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.patreon.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Patron Saints of Creativity</h6>

  <p>Jack Conte and Sam Yam founded Patreon in 2013 to provide a platform for creatives to earn a steady income through their work. Conte, a musician and YouTube content creator, was frustrated with the limitations of traditional monetization models and sought to create a better solution.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Platform for the People</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Patreon has become a go-to destination for creatives looking to build a sustainable income from their work. The platform now boasts more than 200,000 active patrons and over 150,000 creators, generating tens of millions of dollars in revenue each year. The company has received widespread recognition for its impact on the creative economy and its commitment to empowering independent artists and creators.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering Creatives, One Pledge at a Time</h6>

  <p>Patreon operates on a subscription-based model, allowing patrons to support their favorite creatives on a monthly or per-creation basis. Creators are able to offer exclusive content, merchandise, and other perks to their patrons in exchange for their support. Patreon takes a 5% fee on all transactions, with additional fees for payment processing and other services.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Future of Creativity</h6>

  <p>Patreon's success has shown that there is a strong demand for a platform that provides a steady income stream for creatives. The company's focus on community building and empowering independent artists has resonated with users, helping to create a thriving ecosystem of creatives and patrons. As the creative economy continues to grow, Patreon is well-positioned to play a key role in shaping its future.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Patreon</h6>

  <p>Patreon has raised over $160 million in funding from top-tier investors including Thrive Capital, Index Ventures, and Glossier. The company has used this funding to scale its operations, invest in technology and product development, and expand its reach both domestically and internationally. With its strong growth trajectory and commitment to empowering creatives, Patreon is poised for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>