<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Checkout.com</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United Kingdom</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.checkout.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.checkout.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Pioneers Behind Checkout.com</h6>

  <p>Checkout.com was founded in 2012 by Guillaume Pousaz. The founder had a vision to create a payment platform that would simplify and streamline the checkout process for merchants and consumers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming the Payment Industry</h6>

  <p>Checkout.com started as a payment solution for online merchants, offering a range of payment options and a user-friendly interface. The company quickly gained popularity and has since grown into a leading payment platform, serving thousands of merchants worldwide. Checkout.com has been recognized for its advanced technology, security, and customer support.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Merchant Processing Fees</h6>

  <p>Checkout.com makes money by charging merchants a fee for processing their payments. The company offers a range of payment options and provides a secure, reliable, and efficient payment platform for its merchants.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Innovating in the Payment Space</h6>

  <p>Checkout.com has transformed the payment industry by simplifying and streamlining the checkout process for merchants and consumers. The company has attracted investment from top venture capital firms and has a growing merchant base, serving thousands of businesses worldwide. Checkout.com is also a leader in the payment space, constantly innovating and expanding its offerings to provide the best possible experience for its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Checkout.com</h6>

  <p>Checkout.com has received substantial investment from top venture capital firms, including Insight Partners and Coatue Management. The company has raised over $830 million in funding, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $15 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>