<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>OYO Rooms</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>India</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.oyorooms.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.oyorooms.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Accidental Hotelier</h6>

  <p>OYO Rooms was founded in 2012 by Ritesh Agarwal, who, at the age of 18, dropped out of college to pursue his entrepreneurial vision. After several failed business ventures, he identified a gap in the market for affordable and standardized accommodation options in India, and set out to solve this problem with the creation of OYO Rooms.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Building a Global Hospitality Empire, One Room at a Time</h6>

  <p>OYO Rooms has experienced rapid growth since its launch, becoming one of the largest hotel chains in India and expanding to over 800 cities in 80 countries worldwide. With its innovative business model and commitment to providing quality, affordable accommodation options, OYO has disrupted the traditional hotel industry, attracting millions of customers and winning numerous awards and accolades.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A Hospitality Revolution for the Masses</h6>

  <p>OYO operates as an aggregator, partnering with independent hotel owners to offer standardized, affordable accommodation options to consumers. The company manages all aspects of the customer experience, from booking and check-in to housekeeping and maintenance, and generates revenue through commissions on bookings made through its platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Making Hospitality Accessible for All</h6>

  <p>OYO's success can be attributed to its innovative business model and commitment to making hospitality accessible for all. The company's platform offers a range of accommodation options, from budget-friendly rooms to luxury villas, all with a focus on quality, affordability, and consistency. With a commitment to customer satisfaction and operational excellence, OYO is leading the way in the global hospitality industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of OYO Rooms</h6>

  <p>OYO has raised over $2 billion in funding from top investors, including SoftBank, Sequoia India, and Greenoaks Capital. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand into new markets, and develop new product offerings. With a solid financial foundation and a commitment to innovation, OYO is well-positioned for continued success in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>