<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Ascend Money</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Thailand</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.ascendmoneygroup.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.ascendmoneygroup.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Early Beginnings</h6>

  <p>Ascend Money was founded in 2013 by a team of entrepreneurs, led by Suphachai Chearavanont, who saw an opportunity to bring financial services to the unbanked population in Southeast Asia.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Providing Financial Access to the Unbanked</h6>

  <p>Ascend Money's primary focus has been to provide financial services to the unbanked population in Southeast Asia through its mobile wallet service, True Money, which has helped millions of people access basic financial services such as mobile payments, money transfers, and bill payments. The company has also expanded into other areas such as microfinance, insurance, and remittances, making it a one-stop-shop for financial services for its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Enabling Financial Services through Technology</h6>

  <p>Ascend Money operates as a fintech company and leverages technology to provide financial services to its customers. It has a mobile-first strategy and provides its services through its mobile wallet, True Money. The company has also partnered with banks and financial institutions to offer loans, insurance, and other financial products to its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Addressing Financial Inclusion in Southeast Asia</h6>

  <p>Ascend Money has a strong focus on financial inclusion and aims to bring financial services to the unbanked population in Southeast Asia. The company has been successful in addressing this issue and has provided millions of people with access to basic financial services. The company's mission is to help people improve their financial lives and empower them to reach their full potential.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Ascend Money</h6>

  <p>Ascend Money has attracted significant investments from venture capital firms and strategic investors. Some of its notable investors include Sequoia Capital, Ascend Capital, and GGV Capital. The company has raised over $100 million in funding to date and continues to attract investments to support its growth and expansion plans.</p>
</body>
</html>