<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Cognite</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Norway</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.cognite.com/en/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.cognite.com/en/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Early Beginnings</h6>

  <p>Cognite was founded in 2016 by John Markus Lervik, who previously worked at industry software company Ventyx, and André Stene, a former software engineer at Visma.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Industry Disruption</h6>

  <p>Cognite aims to disrupt the industrial data industry by enabling real-time analysis of large amounts of data. The company has successfully implemented its technology in several industries, including energy and manufacturing, helping organizations make better use of their data and make informed decisions.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Data Platform-as-a-Service</h6>

  <p>Cognite offers a data platform-as-a-service (PaaS) solution that helps organizations manage, analyze, and utilize their industrial data. The platform integrates with existing systems and provides a single source of truth for industrial data, allowing companies to make data-driven decisions in real-time.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Unlocking Industrial Data Potential</h6>

  <p>Cognite's mission is to unlock the potential of industrial data by providing a comprehensive platform that enables organizations to manage, analyze, and utilize their data in real-time. The company believes that by providing access to accurate and trustworthy data, organizations can make better decisions, improve efficiency, and drive innovation.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Cognite</h6>

  <p>Cognite has received significant investment from venture capital firms and strategic investors, including EQT Ventures and Aker BP. In 2020, the company raised $70 million in a Series C funding round, which was used to further develop its platform and expand its global reach.</p>
</body>
</html>