<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Lacework</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.lacework.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.lacework.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Security Minds Behind the Scenes</h6>

  <p>Lacework, a cloud security startup, was founded in 2014 by a team of security experts with years of experience in the field. The company's co-founders, Mike Speiser, Sanjay Kalra and Vikram Kapoor, recognized the need for a new approach to cloud security that would address the unique challenges posed by modern cloud environments. With a vision to make cloud security more effective and easier to manage, they founded Lacework.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Securing the Clouds with Cutting-Edge Technology</h6>

  <p>Since its launch, Lacework has become a leading provider of cloud security solutions, helping organizations secure their cloud environments and protect their critical data and systems. The company's innovative technology, which is designed specifically for cloud environments, has been recognized as a game-changer in the industry, and Lacework has earned a reputation as a trusted and reliable partner for cloud security.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Protecting Cloud Environments with Innovative Security Solutions</h6>

  <p>Lacework operates as a cloud security provider, offering a range of security solutions designed specifically for cloud environments. The company's offerings include threat detection, incident response, compliance automation, and more, helping organizations protect their cloud environments from threats and manage security risks. Lacework generates revenue through the sale of its security solutions, which are offered as a subscription service.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Leading the Charge in Cloud Security</h6>

  <p>Lacework's success can be attributed to its focus on cloud security and its commitment to helping organizations secure their cloud environments. The company's innovative solutions, combined with its expertise in cloud security, have helped it establish itself as a leader in the industry and position itself for continued growth and success.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Lacework</h6>

  <p>Lacework has raised over $100 million in funding from top investors, including Sutter Hill Ventures, Icon Ventures, and M12. These investments have allowed the company to scale its operations, expand its offerings, and develop new technologies, positioning it for continued success and growth in the years to come.</p>
</body>
</html>