<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>goPuff</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.gopuff.com/spin-wheel</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.gopuff.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Building a Convenience Delivery Empire from College Dorm Room</h6>

  <p>goPuff was founded by Rafael Ilishayev and Yakir Gola while they were students at Drexel University in Philadelphia. The two founders saw a gap in the market for on-demand convenience delivery and set out to build a company that would make it easy for people to get the items they needed quickly and easily.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Rapid Growth and Expansion across North America</h6>

  <p>goPuff has experienced rapid growth and expansion since its founding, and now operates in over 500 cities across North America. The company has become a leader in the on-demand convenience delivery space, offering a wide range of products, from food and drinks to household essentials and personal care items.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through On-demand Delivery Services</h6>

  <p>goPuff operates as an on-demand delivery service, delivering a wide range of convenience items directly to customers' doors. The company charges a delivery fee for its services, and also earns revenue from the sale of its products. By offering a wide range of products and quick, convenient delivery, goPuff has been able to attract a large and growing customer base.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Improving Convenience and Accessibility with Innovative Technology</h6>

  <p>goPuff is dedicated to improving convenience and accessibility through the use of innovative technology. The company's app and website make it easy for customers to order the items they need, and its delivery network allows for fast and reliable delivery. goPuff's focus on technology and customer experience has made it a leader in the on-demand convenience delivery space.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of goPuff</h6>

  <p>goPuff has received investment from major venture capital firms, including SoftBank and Accel. The company has raised over $1.15 billion in funding to support its growth and expansion. With the support of its investors, goPuff continues to innovate and improve its platform, positioning itself as a leader in the on-demand convenience delivery space.</p>
</body>
</html>