<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Instacart</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.instacart.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.instacart.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Innovators Behind Instacart</h6>

  <p>Instacart was founded in 2012 by Apoorva Mehta, Max Mullen, and Brandon Leonardo. The three founders saw an opportunity to revolutionize the grocery delivery space by offering a convenient, fast, and reliable delivery service.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Disrupting the Grocery Delivery Space</h6>

  <p>Instacart started as an online grocery delivery service, offering customers the convenience of having their groceries delivered to their doorstep in as little as an hour. The company quickly gained popularity and has since expanded to serve customers across the United States and Canada. Instacart has been recognized for its innovative approach to grocery delivery and its commitment to customer service.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Delivery Fees and Subscriptions</h6>

  <p>Instacart makes money by charging customers delivery fees for each order and by offering a premium subscription service called Instacart Express. The company also earns revenue from its partnerships with grocery retailers, who pay Instacart to offer their products through the platform.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Revolutionizing the Way We Shop for Groceries</h6>

  <p>Instacart has revolutionized the way we shop for groceries, offering a fast, convenient, and reliable delivery service. The company has attracted investment from top venture capital firms and has a growing customer base, serving millions of households across the United States and Canada. Instacart is also constantly innovating and expanding its offerings, providing a comprehensive grocery delivery platform for its customers.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Instacart</h6>

  <p>Instacart has received substantial investment from top venture capital firms, including Coatue Management and Sequoia Capital. The company has raised over $2.1 billion in funding, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $39 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>