<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Toss</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>South Korea</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://toss.im/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://toss.im/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">A disruptive innovation created by an ordinary doctor</h6>

  <p>Toss was founded by Seunggun Lee in February 2015 in South Korea. Lee was a dentist doctor graduated Seoul National University. After experiencing countless failures while earning money as a doctor, he discovered an attractive item called Toss.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">From Bank Transfers to Full-Fledged Financial Platform</h6>

  <p>Toss started as a mobile app that allowed users to easily transfer money between bank accounts. With the growing demand for financial services, the company expanded its offerings to include a range of financial products such as personal loans, credit card services, and insurance. Today, Toss has over 10 million registered users and is valued at over $1 billion.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Empowering People Through Financial Inclusion</h6>

  <p>Toss's business model is based on providing financial services to people who are underserved by traditional banks. The company makes money by charging transaction fees, interest on loans, and offering insurance products. Toss also partners with various financial institutions to offer their services to a wider audience.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Simplifying Finance One Transaction at a Time</h6>

  <p>Toss's key insight was the realization that many people in South Korea, especially younger generations, were not using traditional banks due to the lack of convenience and accessibility. By making financial services easier to access and use, Toss has disrupted the traditional banking industry and is now a leading player in the fintech space.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Toss</h6>

  <p>Toss has raised over $140 million in funding from investors including Sequoia Capital, Ribbit Capital, and Goodwater Capital. The company has used its funding to expand its services, develop new products, and grow its user base. With its successful track record and innovative approach, Toss is well-positioned to continue its growth and lead the financial technology revolution in South Korea.</p>
</body>
</html>