<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Benchling</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.benchling.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.benchling.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders with a background in Biotech</h6>

  <p>Benchling was founded in 2013 by three friends who met while working at a biotech company: Sajith Wickramasekara, Ashutosh Singhal and Cory Li. All three co-founders have a background in the biotech industry, with a strong passion for using technology to improve scientific research.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming the Life Sciences Industry</h6>

  <p>Benchling aims to help life science researchers streamline their work, from experimental design to data analysis, by providing a unified platform for scientific data management. The startup has seen tremendous growth since its inception, serving over 1,000 customers globally, including biotech companies, pharmaceuticals, and academic institutions. Benchling has received recognition and awards for its innovative technology, and has become a leader in the life sciences industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">SaaS-Based Platform for Life Sciences</h6>

  <p>Benchling operates on a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model, offering a cloud-based platform for life science researchers to manage their data and collaborate with their teams. The platform is subscription-based, with various pricing tiers based on the number of users and features required.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Solving the Pain Points of Life Science Research</h6>

  <p>The co-founders of Benchling identified the need for a comprehensive platform for life science research after facing numerous challenges in their own careers. The traditional methods of scientific data management, such as paper notebooks and spreadsheets, are prone to errors and inefficiencies. Benchling's platform addresses these pain points by providing a centralized and secure place for researchers to store and manage their data.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Benchling</h6>

  <p>Benchling has received significant investment from leading venture capital firms, including Andreessen Horowitz and Thrive Capital. The startup has raised over $100 million in funding, which it has used to grow its team and expand its platform offerings. With its successful track record and continued growth, Benchling is well-positioned for future success.</p>
</body>
</html>