<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Wayflyer</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>Ireland</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.wayflyer.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.wayflyer.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Co-Founders with e-commerce experience</h6>

  <p>Wayflyer was founded by a team of two experienced entrepreneurs, Aidan Corbett and Jack Pierse, who both have extensive experience in the e-commerce industry. They saw the opportunity to create a company that could help e-commerce merchants improve their cash flow, grow their businesses and achieve profitability faster.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Providing fast, flexible financing to e-commerce merchants</h6>

  <p>Wayflyer offers fast and flexible financing solutions to e-commerce merchants, allowing them to grow their businesses, achieve profitability faster, and access working capital when they need it. The company has seen rapid growth since its launch, serving a growing number of merchants across Europe.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Unique Approach to Merchant Financing</h6>

  <p>Wayflyer's business model is based on monetizing the sales data of e-commerce merchants. The company uses this data to offer fast, flexible financing solutions that are tailored to each merchant's unique needs. The financing is provided in the form of cash advances and working capital loans, which are repaid as a percentage of the merchant's future sales.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Meeting the Needs of SMBs</h6>

  <p>Wayflyer was founded at a time when the e-commerce industry was experiencing rapid growth. The company saw the opportunity to create a unique financing solution for e-commerce merchants, which would allow them to access working capital and grow their businesses faster. By providing fast, flexible financing, Wayflyer is helping e-commerce merchants to capitalize on the growth of the industry.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Wayflyer</h6>

  <p>Wayflyer has raised significant funding from a number of top venture capital firms and investors and its amount is $889.2M, including Battery Ventures, PayPal Ventures, and Left Lane Capital. The company has used its funding to expand its operations, invest in its technology platform, and grow its team of experienced professionals.</p>
</body>
</html>