<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Databricks</h5>

  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">https://www.databricks.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://www.databricks.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">The Visionaries Behind Databricks</h6>

  <p>Databricks was founded in 2013 by Ali Ghodsi, Andy Konwinski, Matei Zaharia, and Ion Stoica. The four co-founders saw an opportunity to create a cloud-based platform for data analytics and machine learning.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Pioneering the Cloud-based Data Analytics Space</h6>

  <p>Databricks started as a platform for data analytics and machine learning, offering a cloud-based solution that could process vast amounts of data at scale. The company quickly gained popularity and has since grown into a leading provider of cloud-based data analytics and machine learning solutions. Databricks has been recognized for its innovative approach to data analytics and its commitment to customer success.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Monetizing through Subscriptions and Services</h6>

  <p>Databricks makes money by offering subscriptions to its cloud-based data analytics and machine learning platform, as well as by providing professional services to its customers. The company also earns revenue from its partnerships with technology companies, who offer Databricks as a component of their data analytics and machine learning solutions.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Transforming the Way We Analyze and Learn from Data</h6>

  <p>Databricks has transformed the way we analyze and learn from data, offering a cloud-based platform that can process vast amounts of data at scale. The company has attracted investment from top venture capital firms and has a growing customer base, serving some of the world's largest organizations. Databricks is also constantly innovating and expanding its offerings, providing a comprehensive platform for data analytics and machine learning.</p>

  <h6 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Major Funding History of Databricks</h6>

  <p>Databricks has received substantial investment from top venture capital firms, including Andreessen Horowitz, Battery Ventures, and New Enterprise Associates. The company has raised over $1.7 billion in funding, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $28 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>