<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Intro</h2>

  <p>The world is wide, and as wide as the world is, innovation is happening all over the world. Do you know how much innovation is happening around the world? I was curious about that while working on a startup business. This is because when we think of startups, we often only think of Silicon Valley, or we often only know about Israel and India.</p>

  <p>In this book, you can see at a glance the stories of great startups who have achieved unicorns around the world. Startups in each country have developed in a way that suits the country's environment to solve the problems needed in that country. It will be interesting to see why startups from all over the world were born, grew, and even became unicorns.</p>

  <p>Through this book, you can easily learn about the founder’s background, business model, growth process, and funding level and in the last chapter, a list of the introduced startups is provided together.</p>

  <p>Some of the startups introduced are already famous, but some are like hidden gems. The purpose of this book is to learn the essence of startup success by looking at several success stories.</p>

  <p>As a person who founded a startup in Korea, I am trying to understand the Korean market well. I hope to communicate with many people through this book.</p>
</body>
</html>