<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>100 Unicorn Startups in 42 Countries</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <style>
a {
	display: block;
	margin: auto;
	text-decoration: none;
	color: inherit;
}

@keyframes linear {
	from {
		background-position: 0 0;
	}
	to {
		background-position: 200px 0;
	}
}

.biliboard {
	width: 200px;
	padding: 20px;
	text-align: center;
	position: relative;
	background: #fff;
	color: #FFBB46;
  font-family: 'Roboto Mono';
  font-size: 0.8em;
  font-weight: 700;
}
.biliboard:before {
	content: '';
	display: block;
	height: 100%;
	width: 100%;
	border-radius: 3px;
	transform: scale( 1.02, 1.08 );
	position: absolute;
	background: #f00;
	background: linear-gradient(90deg, #FFDC9F, #FFDC9F, #FFBB46, #FFDC9F, #FFDC9F );
	background-position: 55px 0;
	top: 0;
	animation: linear 1s infinite linear;
	left: 0;
	z-index: -1;
}
</style>
</head>

<body>
  <h5>Stripe</h5>
  <p style="text-align: center;"><b>United States</b><br/>🇺🇸</p>
  <p style="text-align: center;">https://stripe.com/</p>

  <div>
    <a href="https://stripe.com/" class="biliboard electronic">Click to Visit</a>
  </div>

  <p>&#160;</p>

  <h6>The Duo Behind Stripe</h6>

  <p>Stripe was founded in 2010 by brothers John and Patrick Collison. Both brothers had prior experience in the tech industry and saw an opportunity to create a better payment processing solution for online businesses.</p>

  <h6>Simplifying Online Payments</h6>

  <p>Stripe set out to simplify the process of accepting payments online, providing a streamlined solution that made it easy for businesses to start accepting payments on their websites. The company quickly gained traction, and today it is one of the most popular payment processing solutions for online businesses.</p>

  <h6>Monetizing through Payment Processing Fees</h6>

  <p>Stripe makes money by charging a fee for each payment processed through its platform. The company offers a range of payment processing services, including payment gateway integration, recurring payments, and fraud prevention, among others.</p>

  <h6>Revolutionizing Online Payments</h6>

  <p>Stripe has revolutionized the online payments industry by providing a simple and streamlined solution for businesses to accept payments online. The company has attracted investment from top venture capital firms and has a growing customer base, with millions of businesses using its platform to process payments. Additionally, Stripe has a flexible business model, offering a range of services and solutions for businesses of all sizes.</p>

  <h6>Major Funding History of Stripe</h6>

  <p>Stripe has received substantial investment from top venture capital firms, including Andreessen Horowitz and Sequoia Capital. The company has raised over $1 billion in funding, with its latest valuation estimated to be around $95 billion.</p>
</body>
</html>